
      Google Maps for Business - APAC Purchase Agreement
    
    iframe.c1 {display:none;visibility:hidden}
    
        Google Maps API for Business - APAC Purchase Agreement
      
This agreement for the purchase of Google Maps API for Business (the
      "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
      (Co. Reg. No. 200817984R) ("Google") and the customer identified on the Ordering
      Document ("Customer"). This Agreement and the corresponding Ordering Document governs
      Customer's access to and use of the Services.
      1. Licenses.
        1.1 From Google to Customer. Subject to this Agreement, and in consideration of
        Customer's payment of Fees, Google grants to Customer, and Customer agrees to comply with a
        non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license in the
        Territory to: (a) use the Services to display the Content and Track Assets solely in the
        Customer Implementation; and (b) access, use, publicly perform and publicly display the
        Content in the Customer Implementation.
        1.2 From Customer to Google. When Customer submits queries
        via the Services that include Customer Content, Google requires a license to that Customer
        Content so it can process the query and return results to Customer. Therefore, by
        submitting Customer Content to Google through the Services, Customer grants to Google a
        non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to
        reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, communicate, translate, and distribute this Customer
        Content to Customer solely to enable Google to provide and improve the Services.
      
2. Customer Content. If a data storage API is purchased,
      Customer may upload and store Customer Content as part of the Services via the methods
      described in the Documentation. Customer Content will not be returned to Customer, whether
      the Customer Content is physically shipped to Google, or entered by Customer or Google.
      Customer is solely responsible for backing up its Customer Content. Google will not bear any
      risk of loss for Customer Content.
      3. Modifications.
        3.1 To the Services. Subject to Section 8.2 (Deprecation), Google may make
        commercially reasonable changes to the Services from time to time. If Google makes a
        material change to the Services, Google will inform Customer, provided that Customer has
        subscribed with Google to be informed about these changes.
        3.2 To URL Terms. Google may make commercially reasonable
        changes to the URL Terms from time to time. If Google makes a material change to the URL
        Terms, Google will inform Customer, provided that Customer has subscribed with Google to be
        informed about these changes. If the change has a material adverse impact on Customer and
        Customer does not agree to the change, Customer must notify Google within thirty days after
        receiving notice of these changes. If Customer notifies Google as required, then Customer
        will remain governed by the terms in effect immediately prior to the change until the end
        of the then-current License Term. If the License Term is renewed, it will do so under the
        updated URL Terms.
      
4. Restrictions.
4.1 License Restrictions. Unless Google specifically agrees
        in writing or through the Documentation, Customer will not
        
          a. hide or mask from Google the identity of Customer Implementation, including by failing
          to follow the identification conventions listed in the Documentation;
          
            b. use, distribute, or sell any Content outside of the Customer Implementation or
            incorporate or embed the Services into any of Customer's products that it sells to
            third parties;
          
            c. attempt to reverse engineer the Services or any component or attempt to create a
            substitute or similar service thorough use of or access to the Services;
          
            d. modify, reorder, augment or manipulate search results in any way unless Customer
            indicate to the End User that this has occurred;
          
            e. use the Services for High Risk Activities;
          
            f. create or offer a “wrapper” for the Services, unless Customer obtain Google’s
            written consent to do so. For example, Customer are not permitted to: (a) use or
            provide any part of the Service or Content in an API that Customer offer to others; or
            (b) create a Customer Implementation that re-implements or duplicates the Services.
            Customer is not “wrapping” the Services if the Customer Implementation provides
            substantial additional features or content beyond the Services, and those additional
            features or content constitute the primary defining characteristic of the Customer
            Implementation;
          
            g. use the Services or Content with any products, systems, or applications for or in
            connection with any of the following: (i) real time navigation or route guidance,
            including but not limited to turn-by-turn route guidance that is synchronized to the
            position of a user's sensor-enabled device; or (ii) any systems or functions for
            automatic or autonomous control of vehicle behavior;
          
            h. display business listings Content in any Customer Implementation that has the
            primary purpose of making available business, residential address, or telephone
            directory listings;
          
            i. print more than five thousand copies of sales collateral materials containing a
            screenshot of the Content for purposes of commercial sales lead generation or
            incorporate the Content as a core part of printed matter (such as printed maps or guide
            books) that is redistributed for a fee;
          
            j. use the Service in a manner that gives access to mass downloads or bulk feeds of any
            Content;
          
            k. use the Services outside the Licensed Configuration specified in the applicable
            Ordering Document or usage limits specified in the Documentation; or
          
            l. use content derived from the Service without a corresponding Google Map (ex.
            Geocodes obtained through the Service may not be used except with a Google Map).
          
            m. with respect to APIs that identify specific End User location information (“EUL
            APIs”), and any contradictory Agreement terms notwithstanding, Customer will not obtain
            or cache an End User’s location without the End User’s prior consent. Customer will
            notify End User in advance of the End-User data Customer intends to collect and if
            Customer intends to use EUL APIs with any other data provider’s data. End User’s
            consent to data collection under this section must be revocable at any time. Customer
            further agrees not to provide any personally identifiable information or device
            identifiers along with any Customer Content.
          
4.2 Customer IDs. Customer IDs are required, must be used
        according to the Documentation, and will be forwarded to Customer electronically. Google
        may not respond to requests with an invalid Customer ID. Customer's failure to use a
        Customer ID provided by Google will prevent access to the Services and nullify Google’s
        obligations under this Agreement.
        4.3 Third Party Components. Any third party component
        embedded, included or provided by Google for use with the Services may only be used in
        conjunction with the Services, and this use is subject to this Agreement and the
        Documentation. However, to the extent Services include components governed by open source
        licenses with provisions inconsistent with this Agreement, those components are instead
        governed solely by the applicable open source licenses. To the extent Services include
        components covered by open source licenses requiring the provision of corresponding source
        code for those components, Google hereby offers the provision of that source code
        consistent with those licenses.
        4.4 Cache Restrictions. Customer may not pre-fetch, retrieve,
        cache, index, or store any Content, or portion of the Services with the exception being
        Customer may store limited amounts of Content solely to improve the performance of the
        Customer Implementation due to network latency, and only if Customer does so temporarily,
        securely, and in a manner that (a) does not permit use of the Content outside of the
        Services; (b) does not manipulate or aggregate any Content or portion of the Services; (c)
        does not prevent Google from accurately tracking usage; and (e) does not modify attribution
        in any way.
        4.5 Development Kits. Development kits may only be used for
        development or educational purposes, or both and are not permitted for use in a production
        environment. TSS is included with development kits.
      
5. Customer Obligations.
5.1 Advertising. Customer can configure the Services to
        display Ads, or not, to End Users in its sole discretion. Customer can enable Ads in the
        Customer Implementation by following the instructions in the Documentation.
        5.2 Domain. The Customer must own the Domains listed on the
        Order Form. Additional domains may be added with the prior written approval of Google,
        which may be via email. Prior to providing the Services, Google may verify that Customer
        owns or controls the Domains. If Customer does not own or control the Domains, then Google
        will have no obligation to provide the Services to Customer.
        5.3 Maps Terms, Privacy, Legal Notices and AUP.
a. Compliance. Customer agrees to comply with the Maps
          Terms, the Legal Notices, and the AUP. Customer is responsible for its End Users’
          compliance with the Maps Terms, the Legal Notices, and the AUP.
          b. Privacy Policy. By using the Service, Customer agrees
          that Google may use Customer Content in accordance with its Privacy Policy. Additionally,
          Customer will protect the privacy rights of its End Users and will obtain and maintain
          all required consents from End Users to allow: (i) Customer's access, monitoring, use or
          disclosure of any data submitted thorough the Customer Implementation and Google
          providing Customer with the ability to do so (for example, Customer may not store an End
          User’s location without consent); and (ii) Google to provide the Services to Customer.
        
6. Ownership and Publicity.
6.1 Generally. Except as expressly set forth herein, this
        Agreement does not grant either party any rights, implied or otherwise, to the other's
        content or any of the other's Intellectual Property Rights. Intellectual Property Rights in
        and to the content accessed through the Services are the property of the applicable content
        owner and may be protected by applicable laws.
        6.2 Brand Features. If Customer wants to display Google Brand
        Features in connection with its use of the Services, Customer will comply with the
        Trademark Guidelines. Customer will not alter any images generated by the Services to
        remove any Brand Feature or proprietary notice of Google or its licensors. Any use of a
        party's Brand Features will inure to the benefit of the party holding rights in those Brand
        Features. Each party agrees not to: (a) challenge or assist others to challenge the other
        party's Brand Features or registration thereof (except to protect such party's rights with
        respect to its own Brand Features) attempt to register any Brand Features that are
        confusingly similar to those of the other party.
        6.3 Publicity. Customer agrees that Google may include
        Customer’s name or Brand Features in a list of Google customers, whether online or in
        offline promotional materials. Customer also agrees that Google may verbally reference
        Customer as a customer of the Google Services. This section is subject to the “Brand
        Features Limitation” section of the Agreement.
      
7. Export Compliance. Customer will comply with and will obtain
      all required authorization from applicable government authorities under the Export Control
      Laws. This Section 7 will survive termination or cancellation of this Agreement.
      8. Support.
8.1 TSS. Google will provide TSS to Customer in accordance
        with the TSSG for the License Term. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, to receive TSS
        Customer must provide Google with reasonably required access to the Services in accordance
        with the TSSG. Customer's failure to provide this access will be at Customer's own risk and
        without liability to Google. If the Ordering Document does not identify a support level,
        then Google will provide Standard Support. Google may change the TSS from time to time, but
        not if the changes materially adversely impact Customer.
        
          8.2 Deprecation. Google’s Services deprecation terms are available at
          http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/deprecation.html.
        
9. Payment.
9.1 Purchase Process. Google will provide Customer an
        Ordering Document for each purchase, to confirm the Services, quantity and Fees.
        9.2 Payment. All Fees are due thirty days from the invoice
        date. All payments due are in the currency and mode of payment indicated on the invoice.
        9.3 Taxes.
a. Defined. “Taxes” means any duties, customs fees, or
          taxes (other than Google’s income tax) associated with the sale of the Services,
          including any related penalties or interest.
          b. Customer’s Responsibility. Customer is responsible for
          any Taxes, and Customer will pay Google for the Services without any reduction for such
          amounts. If Google is obligated to collect or pay Taxes, the Taxes will be invoiced to
          Customer, unless Customer provides Google with a valid tax exemption certificate
          authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. If Customer is required by law to
          withhold any Taxes from its payments to Google, Customer must provide Google with an
          official tax receipt or other appropriate documentation to support this withholding.
        
9.4 Invoice Disputes. Any invoice disputes must be submitted
        prior to the invoice due date. If the parties determine that certain billing inaccuracies
        are attributable to Google, Google will not issue a corrected invoice, but will instead
        issue a credit memo specifying the incorrect amount in the affected invoice. If the
        disputed invoice has not yet been paid, Google will apply the credit memo amount to the
        disputed invoice and Customer will be responsible for paying the resulting net balance due
        on that invoice.
        9.5 Delinquent Payments. Delinquent payments may bear
        interest at the rate of one-and-one-half percent per month (or the highest rate permitted
        by law, if less) from the payment due date until paid in full. Customer will be responsible
        for all reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by Google in collecting
        delinquent amounts, except where these delinquent amounts are due to Google’s billing
        inaccuracies.
        9.6 Purchase Orders.
a. Required. If Customer’s Ordering Document is a Quote,
          then a Purchase Order is required. If Customer’s Ordering Document is an Order Form, and
          Customer wants a Purchase Order number on its invoice, Customer will inform Google and
          will issue a Purchase Order to Google. If Customer requires a Purchase Order, and fails
          to provide the Purchase Order to Google, then Google will not be obligated to provide the
          Services until the Purchase Order has been received by Google.
          b. Not Required. If Customer’s Ordering Document is an
          Order Form, and Customer does not require a Purchase Order number to be included on the
          invoice, Customer must select “No” in the Purchase Order section of the Order Form. If
          Customer waives the Purchase Order requirement, then: (a) Google will invoice Customer
          without a Purchase Order; and (b) Customer agrees to pay invoices without a Purchase
          Order.
        
10. Ordering, Overages, and Reporting.
10.1 Ordering. The Fees will be based on the applicable
        Billing Unit. In order to use certain APIs provided as part of the Service, Customer may be
        required to purchase additional SKUs. If Customer orders Asset Tracking as part of the
        Services, the Ordering Document will indicate: (a) whether this Asset Tracking is Tier 1 or
        Tier 2; and (b) the countries within which Customer may use the Services. For any Customer
        Implementation behind a firewall, Customer is required to use the internal Billing Units.
        10.2 Upgrades. Google may, if Customer is not in breach at
        the time of the request, provide Customer an opportunity to purchase higher usage limits.
        10.3 Overages.
a. Page Views. For Customer using Page Views, Google will
          notify Customer before the usage indicated on the Ordering Document has been exceeded. If
          Customer exceeds its usage of Page Views during the License Term, Customer will be
          charged Overages for thirty days following written notice (which may be via email) by
          Google that Customer has exceeded its Page View usage. Following this period, the
          Services may cease functioning.
          b. Other Billing Units. For Customers using other Billing
          Units, Customer must notify Google of any Overages within thirty days of the day the
          Overage occurred. If there is an Overage, Google will invoice Customer, and Customer
          agrees to pay, for the Overage at the Overage rates indicated in the Ordering Document.
        
10.4 Reporting. Customer will promptly report to Google in
        writing if, after the Effective Date, any of the following changes occur: (a) the Customer
        Implementation provides Navigation; (b) the Customer Implementation enables a device to
        detect its own location through use of a Sensor, in order to display the location of the
        device on a map or to calculate a route; (c) if Customer has previously ordered Assets or
        End Users and there is an increase in the number of Assets Tracked per country per month or
        in the number of End Users; or (d) if Customer utilizes an API identified as part of the
        Services as “upgradeable.” Customer may be charged additional fees for any usage pursuant
        to this Section.
      
11. Delivery. The Services will not be made available until
      Google receives either: (a) a complete and duly executed purchase order referencing a Quote
      and this Agreement; or (b) a complete and duly executed Order Form. Google will provide
      Customer with Documentation on using the Services.
      12. Confidentiality.
12.1 Obligations. Each party will: (a) protect the other
        party's Confidential Information with the same standard of care it uses to protect its own
        Confidential Information, but in no event less than reasonable care; and (b) not disclose
        the Confidential Information, except to Affiliates, employees and agents who need to know
        it and who have agreed in writing to keep it confidential. Each party (and any Affiliates,
        employees and agents to whom it has disclosed Confidential Information) may use
        Confidential Information only to exercise rights and fulfill obligations under this
        Agreement, while using reasonable care to protect it. Each party is responsible for any
        actions of its Affiliates, employees and agents in violation of this Section.
        12.2 Exceptions. Confidential Information does not include
        information that: (a) the recipient already knew; (b) becomes public through no fault of
        the recipient; (c) was independently developed by the recipient; or (d) was rightfully
        given to the recipient by another party
        12.3 Required Disclosure. Each party may disclose the other
        party's Confidential Information when required by law, but only after it, if legally
        permissible: (a) uses commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other party; and (b)
        gives the other party the chance to challenge the disclosure.
      
13. Term and Termination.
13.1 Agreement Term. This Agreement will remain in effect for
        the Term.
        13.2 License Term. Subject to Customer’s payment of Fees, the
        term for the license granted in this Agreement will begin on the Delivery Date and will
        continue for the License Term, unless terminated earlier as set forth below.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Customer exceeds its usage of Page Views during the
        License Term, Customer will be charged Overages pursuant to Section 10.3.
        
a. Auto-Renewal. At the end of the License Term, the
          License Term for the Services will automatically renew for consecutive renewal terms of
          twelve months. If a party does not want the Services to automatically renew, then it must
          provide the other party written notice to this effect at least fifteen days prior to the
          end of the then current term. This notice of non renewal will be effective upon the
          conclusion of the then current term.
          b. Revising Rates. Google may revise its rates with at
          least ninety days prior written notice to Customer (which may be via email), effective
          for the following term.
        
13.3 Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this
        Agreement if: (i) the other party is in material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure
        that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice; (ii) the other party ceases
        its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and the proceedings
        are not dismissed within ninety days; or (iii) the other party is in material breach of
        this Agreement more than two times notwithstanding any cure of such breaches.
        13.4 Other Termination. If Google is prohibited from
        providing the Services in a particular country, Google reserves the right to terminate the
        Agreement with respect to that particular country on written notice.
        13.5 Effect of Termination.
a. Termination for Google's Breach. If the Agreement is
          terminated for Google’s breach, the licenses granted herein regarding Customer’s use of
          the Services may, at Customer’s option, continue for the remainder of the License Term,
          subject to Customer’s continued compliance with this Agreement. If Customer elects not to
          continue to use the Services, then: (i) the License Term, and all other rights and
          licenses granted by one party to the other and the Services will cease immediately; and
          (ii) upon request, each party will promptly return all Confidential Information of the
          other party.
          b. Termination for Customer's Breach. If the Agreement is
          terminated for Customer’s breach then: (i) the License Term, and all other rights and
          licenses granted by one party to the other and the Services will cease immediately; (ii)
          upon request, each party will promptly return all Confidential Information of the other
          party; and (iii) all payments owed by Customer to Google are immediately due.
          c. Expiration of the License Term. On the expiration of the
          License Term, if Customer does not submit an Ordering Document for a renewal License
          Term, the Services will cease functioning and this Agreement will terminate.
        
14. Representations and Warranties. Each party represents that
      it has the rights, power and authority necessary to enter into this Agreement. Google
      warrants that it will provide the Services in accordance with the Service Level Agreement.
      15. Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, TO THE
      MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE, ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR SUPPLIERS
      EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, TERMS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS OF ANY KIND,
      WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF
      MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. GOOGLE, ITS LICENSORS, AND
      THEIR SUPPLIERS, DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR
      UNINTERRUPTED. THE SERVICES ARE NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR HIGH RISK
      ACTIVITIES.
      16. Limitation of Liability.
16.1 Limitation on Indirect Liability. TO THE EXTENT
        PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER PARTY, NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS
        AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
        PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES, EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT
        THESE DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES, WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT SATISFY
        A REMEDY.
        16.2 Limitation on Amount of Liability. TO THE EXTENT
        PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER PARTY, NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, MAY BE HELD LIABLE UNDER
        THIS AGREEMENT FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO GOOGLE DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS
        PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
        16.3 Exceptions to Limitations. These limitations of
        liability do not apply to breaches of confidentiality obligations or violations of a
        party's Intellectual Property Rights by the other party.
      
17. Indemnification.
17.1 By Google. Google will indemnify, defend, and hold
        harmless Customer from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, expenses, and costs
        (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of a third party
        claim that the technology used to provide the Services infringes or misappropriates any
        patent, copyright, trade secret or trademark of that third party.
        17.2 Exceptions. The obligations set forth in Section 17.1 do
        not apply if the third party claim is caused by, or results from: (a) Customer's
        combination or use of the Services with software, services, or products developed by
        Customer or third parties, if the claim would have been avoided by the non-combined or
        independent use of the Services; (b) modification of the Services, or Content, by anyone
        other than Google if the third party claim would have been avoided by use of the unmodified
        Services; (c) Customer's continued allegedly infringing activity after being notified
        thereof or after being provided modifications that would have avoided the alleged
        infringement; (d) Customer's use of the Services or Content in a manner not in accordance
        with this Agreement or the Documentation; or (e) use of other than Google's most current
        Version of the Services if the third party claim would have been avoided by use of the most
        current Version.
        17.3 By Customer. Unless prohibited by applicable law and
        without waiving sovereign immunity, Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
        Google from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, expenses, and costs (including
        settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of (a) a third party claim
        made against Google for infringement of the third party rights listed in Section 17.1 based
        on conduct by Customer as described in Section 17.2; or (b) Customer's breach of Section 7
        (Export Compliance); or (c) Customer’s use of the Software or Services in breach of an End
        User’s privacy.
        17.4 Possible Infringement.
a.Repair, Replace, or Modify. If Google reasonably believes
          the Services infringes a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, then Google will:
          (a) procure for Customer the right to continue to use the Services; (b) replace the
          Services; or (c) modify the Services to avoid the alleged infringement.
          b. Termination and Refund. If Google does not reasonably
          believe the options in Section 17.4(a) are commercially reasonable, Google may terminate
          the license for the allegedly infringing Services and will provide a pro-rata refund of
          the unearned Fees actually paid by Customer applicable to the period following
          termination of the Services.
        
17.5 General. The party seeking indemnification must promptly
        notify the other party of the claim and cooperate with the other party in defending the
        claim. The indemnification in Sections 17.1 and 17.2 is limited to the payment by the
        indemnifying party of all damages and costs finally awarded for the claim, or settlement
        costs approved in writing by the indemnifying party. The indemnifying party has full
        control and authority over the defense, except that: (a) any settlement requiring the party
        seeking indemnification to admit liability or to pay any money will require that party's
        prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (b) the
        other party may join in the defense with its own counsel at its own expense. THE
        INDEMNITIES ABOVE ARE A PARTY'S ONLY REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR VIOLATION BY THE OTHER
        PARTY OF A THIRD PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
      
18. Verification and Audit. If Customer purchases anything
      other than Page Views, then the following additional terms apply:
      
18.1 Verification. At Google's written request, not more than
        once per calendar year during the license term, Customer will provide Google with a
        certification signed by an officer of Customer verifying the Services are being used
        pursuant to this Agreement.
        18.2 Audit. Google will have the right, no more than once per
        calendar year, and upon at least thirty days prior written notice, to appoint a nationally
        recognized certified public accountant or independent auditor to examine Customer’s use of
        the Services, and the related records, to verify such Customer’s compliance with this
        Agreement. Audits will be conducted during regular business hours at Customer’s facilities
        and will not unreasonably interfere with Customer’s business activities. Customer will
        provide Google with reasonable access to the relevant Customer records and facilities.
        18.3 Underpayment. If an audit reveals that Customer has
        underpaid fees to Google during the period audited, then Google will invoice Customer, and
        Customer will promptly pay Google, for the underpaid fees based on the higher of the price
        specified in this Agreement or Google’s price list in effect at the time the audit is
        completed. If the underpaid fees exceed five percent of the license fees paid by Customer
        for the Services during the preceding six-month period, then Customer will also pay
        Google’s reasonable costs of conducting the audit.
      
19. Government Purposes (applicable to United States government
      customers only). The Services were developed solely at private expense and is commercial
      computer software and related documentation within the meaning of the applicable U.S.
      civilian and military Federal acquisition regulations and any supplements thereto. If the
      user of the Services is an agency, department, employee, or other entity of the United States
      Government, under FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202, the use, duplication, reproduction, release,
      modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Services, including technical data or manuals,
      is governed by the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, which is Google’s
      standard commercial license agreement.
      20. Integrator Rights and Obligations. If Customer purchases an
      “OEM” SKU, then the following additional terms apply to such use. Customer is herby referred
      to as the “Integrator” for purposes of this Section only.
      
20.1 Integrator License. Subject to the Agreement, as
        supplemented and amended by this section, Google grants to Integrator, and Integrator
        agrees to comply with, a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable,
        limited license to integrate the Services into the Integrated Solution. The licenses
        granted under this section do not reduce the scope of the license granted to Integrator
        under Section 1.1 (Licenses – From Google to Customer) of the Agreement.
        20.2 Resell License. Subject to the Agreement, as
        supplemented and amended by this section and despite Section 4.1 (License Restrictions) of
        the Agreement, Google grants to Integrator and Integrator agrees to comply with a
        non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to resell
        the Services as integrated into the Integrated Solution to its customers. Integrator is
        responsible for the compliance with the Maps Terms, Legal Notices and the AUP by its
        customers and their respective end users.
        20.3 License Restrictions. Integrator will not: (a) resell or
        otherwise distribute the Services separately from the Integrated Solution; (b) integrate or
        bundle the Services with any other product besides the Integrated Solution; (c) provide the
        license key to any of its customers; or (d) distribute or market the Integrated Solution in
        the Prohibited Territory.
        20.4 Design and Marketing.
a. Design. Integrator will respond to a Google
          Questionnaire for each new Integrated Solution at least sixty days prior to its public
          launch. Integrator will respond to Google’s reasonable requests for additional
          information, including appointing a single technical contact. Google reserves the right
          to require reasonable modification requests post-launch should the Integrated Solution
          not comply with this Agreement.
          b. Marketing Plan. Integrator will not engage in any
          marketing or promotional activities involving the Services without Google’s prior written
          consent. Integrator will respond to all of Google’s reasonable requests for information
          with respect to how Google Brand Features will be used in the Integrated Solution.
        
20.5 Technical Support Services. Integrator is responsible
        for providing all technical support services to its customers for the Integrated Solution.
        20.6 Government Sales. As part of this section, Google does
        not accept government flow down provisions, including but not limited to, the United States
        Federal Acquisition Regulations (FARs) and its supplements, Defense FARs or NASA FARs.
        Government flow down provisions, if any, will be addressed with supplementary documentation
        and require Google’s signed acceptance of any the supplementary documentation.
        20.7 Additional Indemnification. In addition to the
        indemnification set forth in the Agreement, Integrator will indemnify, defend, and hold
        harmless Google from and against all liabilities, damages, costs, losses and expenses
        (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys’ fess) arising out of: (i) a third
        party claim that the Integrated Solution infringes or misappropriates any patent,
        copyright, trade secret, or trademark of a third party, except to the extent this
        infringement is caused solely by the Services; (ii) use of the Integrated Solution by any
        customer; or (iii) a third party claim alleging facts that would constitute a breach by
        Integrator of its obligations under this section. Section 17.5 (Indemnification - General)
        of the Agreement will apply to this Section in the same manner as it applies to the
        indemnities in Sections 17.1 (Indemnification – By Google) and 17.3 (Indemnification – By
        Customer) of the Agreement.
        20.8 Additional Termination. Google, in its sole and
        reasonable discretion, may require Integrator to cease distributing or selling the
        Integrated Solution, on thirty days written notice, if the Integrated Solution is alleged
        to infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party.
        20.9 No Assignment. Integrator is prohibited from assigning
        its rights under this section to any third party.
      
21. Miscellaneous.
21.1 Notices. All notices must be in writing and addressed to
        the attention of the other party's Legal Department and primary point of contact. Notice
        will be deemed given: (a) when verified by written receipt if sent by personal courier,
        overnight courier, or mail; or (b) when verified by automated receipt or electronic logs if
        sent by facsimile or email.
        21.2 Assignment. Neither party may assign or transfer any
        part of this Agreement without the written consent of the other party, except to an
        Affiliate but only if: (a) the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this
        agreement; and (b) the assigning party remains liable for obligations incurred under the
        Agreement prior to the assignment. Any other attempt to transfer or assign is void.
        21.3 Change of Control. Upon a change of Control (for
        example, through a stock purchase or sale, merger, or other form of corporate transaction)
        other than in the context of an internal restructuring or reorganization of Google and its
        Affiliates: (a) the party experiencing the change of Control will provide written notice to
        the other party within thirty days after the change of Control; and (b) the other party may
        immediately terminate this Agreement any time between the change of Control and thirty days
        after it receives the written notice in subsection (a).
        21.4 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for
        inadequate performance to the extent caused by a condition (for example, natural disaster,
        act of war or terrorism, riot, labor condition, governmental action, and Internet
        disturbance) that was beyond the party's reasonable control.
        21.5 No Agency. The parties are independent contractors, and
        this Agreement does not create an agency, partnership or joint venture.
        21.6 No Waiver. Failure to enforce any provision of this
        Agreement will not constitute a waiver.
        21.7 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is
        found unenforceable, it and any related provisions will be interpreted to best accomplish
        the unenforceable provision's essential purpose.
        21.8 No Agency. The parties are independent contractors, and
        this Agreement does not create an agency, partnership or joint venture.
        21.9 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly stated
        otherwise, nothing in this Agreement shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in
        favour of any person other than the parties to this Agreement.
        21.10 Equitable Relief. Nothing in this Agreement will limit
        either party's ability to seek equitable relief.
        21.11 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by California
        law, excluding that state’s choice of law rules. FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
        TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE
        OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.
        21.12 Amendments. Any amendments to this Agreement must be in
        writing and expressly state that is amending this Agreement.
        21.13 Survival. Those provisions that by their nature should
        survive termination of this Agreement, will survive termination of this Agreement.
        21.14 Counterparts. The parties may execute this Agreement in
        counterparts, including facsimile, PDF, and other electronic copies, which taken together
        will constitute one instrument.
        21.15 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the parties' entire
        agreement relating to its subject and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements on
        that subject. The terms located at a URL and referenced in this Agreement are hereby
        incorporated by this reference. If there is a conflict between the documents that make up
        this Agreement, the documents will control in the following order: the Ordering Document,
        the Agreement, and the terms located at any URL.
        21.16 Subcontracting.Google reserves the right to
        sub-contract its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior
        written consent of the other party, provided that the sub-contracting party remains fully
        liable for all such sub-contracted obligations and accepts full liability as between the
        parties for the actions and/or inactions of its sub-contractors as if such actions and/or
        inactions were its own.
      
22. Definitions.
"Acceptable Use Policy" or "AUP" means the means the
        acceptable use policy for the Services available at http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_AUP.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Ads" means advertisements served by Google through the
        Services.
        "Affiliate" means in relation to each of the parties: (a) any
        parent company of that party; and (b) any corporate body of which that party directly or
        indirectly has control or which is directly or indirectly controlled by the same person or
        group of persons as that party.
        "Assets" means those assets actively Tracked by Customer,
        such as personnel, vehicles or other assets.
        "Billing Units" means the number of Page Views, Assets
        Tracked, or number of End Users, or all three, as applicable. Billing Units will be
        determined by the nature of the Services ordered by Customer.
        "Brand Features" means the trade names, trademarks, service
        marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of each party, (and where
        the party is Google, includes the Brand Features of a Google Affiliate), respectively, as
        secured by such party from time to time.
        "Customer ID" means either an APIs console key or a Client
        ID, both of which are alphanumeric keys that are uniquely associated with Customer’s Google
        account.
        "Confidential Information" means information disclosed by a
        party to the other party under this agreement that is marked as confidential or would
        normally be considered confidential under the circumstances.
        "Content" means any content provided through the Services
        (whether created by Google or its third party licensors), and includes, but is not limited
        to, map and terrain data, photographic imagery, traffic data.
        "Control" means control over greater than fifty percent of
        the voting rights or equity interests of a party.
        "Customer Content" means any content that Customer provides
        in its Customer Implementation, including data, images, video, or software. Customer
        Content does not include the Content.
        "Customer Implementation" means an internal or external
        software application or website that incorporates the Services in order to obtain and
        display Content in conjunction with Customer Content.
        "Delivery Date" means the date upon which Google provides
        Customer the Client ID for the Services.
        "Deprecation Period" means the period following an
        announcement by Google that the current version of the API will be deprecated. Google will
        announce the Deprecation Period in the Services URL below.
        "Deprecated Version" means the Version of the API that will
        be discontinued, either because Google chooses to discontinue the API, or because Google
        upgrades the API to a newer Version.
        "Documentation" means the Google proprietary documentation in
        the form generally made available by Google to its customers for use with the Software and
        set forth at the following URL: http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/premier/guide.html
        (or such other URL as may be updated by Google).
        "End Users" mean the individual human end users who use the
        Customer Implementation.
        "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and
        re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations
        (“EAR”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions
        maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the
        International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) maintained by the Department of State.
        "Effective Date" has the meaning given to it in the Ordering
        Document.
        "Fees" means the applicable fees set forth in an Ordering
        Document and any applicable Taxes.
        "Geocoding" means the online or offline assigning of a
        longitude/latitude coordinate to an address in relation to the Content by means of
        interpolation, or information in the form of either the street address or intersection of
        streets, at which a point of interest or address, is located, and additionally may include
        a raster image depicting this location on a map.
        "Google Questionaire" means questions listed at the following
        URL: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_design_questionaire.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "High Risk Activities" means uses like the operation of
        emergency services, nuclear facilities, air traffic control or life support systems, where
        the use or failure of the Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental
        damage.
        "Integrated Solution" means the Integrator solution
        consisting of software owned by the Integrator which (a) is sold as a commercial product,
        (b) integrates the Customer Implementation and (c) has material value independent from the
        Services. Customer’s Integrated Solution is listed on the Ordering Document.
        "Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future
        worldwide rights under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, moral
        rights law, and other similar rights.
        "Legal Notices" mean the legal notices set forth at the
        following URL (or other URL as may be updated by Google) http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Licensed Configuration" means the Billing Unit metrics and
        Customer domain as specified in an Ordering Document.
        "License Term" means the period of time during which Customer
        is authorized to use the Services, and will be set forth in the Ordering Document.
        "Maps Terms" mean the terms for Google Maps set forth at the
        following URL, http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
        (or other such URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Navigation" is where a Customer Implementation provides
        real-time, visual or audible "turn-by-turn" directions based on position input from a
        Sensor, and accesses the Content in doing so.
        "Ordering Document" means either an order form or quote,
        issued by Google to provide the Services to Customer, subject to this Agreement. The
        Ordering Document will incorporate this Agreement and will contain: (i) a SKU (including
        the License Term, if applicable); (ii) a description of the Licensed Configuration; (iii)
        price; and (iv) a reference number.
        "Overage" means: (a) for Page Views and QPS, when Customer's
        use exceeds the applicable Licensed Configuration; and (b) for Asset Tracking, when either
        Customer's number of Tracked Assets exceeds the applicable Licensed Configuration, or when
        the Customer moves from Tier 2 to Tier 1.
        "Overage" means when Customer’s use of the Services exceeds
        the applicable Licensed Configuration.
        "Page View" means (a) a single load of the script from the
        Javascript API or Maps API for Flash by the End User’s browser or (b) a query to any of the
        included or upgradable APIs. Page Views may be for internal use or external use. Use of
        external Page Views is limited to freely and publicly available websites.
        "Privacy Policy" means the privacy policy set forth at the
        following URL: http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Prohibited Territory" means the countries listed at the
        following URL: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_prohibited_territory.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Purchase Order" means a Customer issued purchase order.
        "Queries Per Second" or "QPS" means queries per second
        for requests through the HTTP interface.
        "Routing" means one or more textual, audible, or visual
        routing directions between a single origin and one or more destinations, and the travel
        time or distance, or both, for the entire, or any portion of, the route.
        "Sensor" means the use of any technology to automatically
        determine an End User's location.
        "Services" means the Google Maps API for Business service and
        the APIs described here: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_included_APIs.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google). APIs may be included at no-additional cost,
        upgradeable or deprecated.
        "Service Level Agreement" or "SLA" means the Google
        Maps Service Level Agreement available at the following URL: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_sla.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Shipment Date" means the date upon which Google provides
        Customer the Client ID for the Services.
        "Software" means the Google proprietary application program
        interface provided by Google to Customer pursuant to an Ordering Document.
        "Taxes" means any duties, customs fees, or taxes (other than
        Google's income tax) associated with the sale of the Services, including any related
        penalties or interest.
        "Term" means the term of the Agreement, which will begin on
        the Effective Date and continue until the earlier of: (i) the end of the last License Term
        or (ii) the Agreement is terminated as set forth herein.
        "Territory" means that (i) the primary place of business of
        the Customer must be located in one of the countries listed at the following URL: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_territory_apac.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google) and (ii) the Customer may not actively target
        End Users or Track Assets outside of the Territory.
        "Third Party Ads" means any advertisements that originate
        from a third parties' servers.
        "Tier 1 Asset Tracking Applications" or "Tier 1" means
        any application in which a Customer uses the Services to Track Assets, with Routing
        allowed.
        "Tier 2 Asset Tracking Applications" or "Tier 2" means
        any application in which a Customer uses the Services to Track Assets, with Routing
        prohibited.
        "Track" means the use of an application to locate a moving
        physical asset on a map based on current latitude/longitude coordinates, which are provided
        to the application via a personal sensor.
        "Trademark Guidelines" means Google's Guidelines for Third
        Party Use of Google Brand Features, located at the following URL: http://www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html
        (or other such URL as may be provided by Google).
        "TSS" means the technical support services provided by
        Google, in accordance with Google's TSSG, for the Services, and for the time period, set
        forth in the Ordering Document.
        "TSSG" means Google’s then current Technical Support Services
        Guidelines, which may be may be accessed at the following URL: http://www.google.com/work/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_tssg.html
        (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
        "Updates" is defined in the TSSG.
        "URL Terms" means the following URL terms: AUP, SLA,
        Territory, and TSSG.
        "Usage Limits" means the limits for use of the Services,
        which may be accessed at the following URL: http://support.google.com/work/doc/gme/terms/maps_usage_limits.html
        (or other such URL as may be provided by Google). Customer may purchase upgrades to these
        usage limits.
        "Version" means any major update to the Service (i.e. version
        1.4 to version 2.0, but not version 1.4 to 1.5).
      
