
      Google Maps for Business - Service Level Agreement (“Maps API SLA”)
    
    iframe.c1 {display:none;visibility:hidden}
    
        Google Maps for Work—Service Level Agreement (“Maps API SLA”)
      
Service Level Agreement. Google will use reasonable commercial efforts
            to provide Maps API web and mobile interfaces that are operating and available to
            Customers 99.9% of the time in any calendar month. In the event Customer experiences
            any of the Service performance issues defined below due to the unavailability of
            Services, Customer will be eligible to receive Service Credits.
          
Customer Service Credit Request. In order to receive Service Credits,
            Customer must notify Google within thirty (30) days from the time Customer believes it
            is eligible to receive a Service Credit. Failure to comply with this requirement will
            forfeit Customer's right to receive a Service Credit.
          
Maximum Service Credit. The aggregate maximum number of Service
            Credits to be issued by Google to Customer for any and all Downtime Periods that occur
            in a single calendar month will not exceed fifteen days of Service added to the end of
            Customer’s term for the Service. Service Credits may not be exchanged for, or converted
            to, monetary compensation.
          
Maps API SLA Exclusions. The Maps API SLA does not apply to any
            Service(s) that expressly exclude this Maps API SLA (as stated in the documentation for
            such services) and any performance issues: (i) caused by factors outside of Google's
            reasonable control; (ii) that resulted from any actions or inactions of Customer or any
            third parties; or (iii) that resulted from Customer's equipment and/or third party
            equipment (not within the primary control of Google). This Maps API SLA states
            Customer's sole and exclusive remedy for any failure by Google to meet this Maps API
            SLA.
          
Definitions. The following definitions apply to this Maps API SLA.
            
"Application" means one of the mobile applications authorized to
              use a static build of the Google Maps Android API or the Google Maps SDK for iOS.
              
"Downtime" means, for a Domain or Application, if average
              latency is greater than three seconds. Downtime is measured based on server side
              error rate.
              
"Downtime Period" means, for a Domain, a period of ten
              consecutive minutes of Downtime. Intermittent Downtime for a period of less than ten
              minutes will not be counted towards any Downtime Periods.
              
"Monthly Uptime Percentage" means total number of minutes in a
              calendar month minus the number of minutes of Downtime suffered from all Downtime
              Periods in a calendar month, divided by the total number of minutes in a calendar
              month.
              
"Scheduled Downtime" means those times where Google notifies
              Customers of periods of Downtime seven days prior to the commencement of such
              Downtime. There will be no more than twelve hours of Scheduled Downtime per calendar
              year. Scheduled Downtime is not considered Downtime for purposes of this Maps API
              SLA, and will not be counted towards any Downtime Periods.
              
"Domain" means one of the sites or URLs authorized to use an
              individual Maps API for Business client id, for example www.google.com.
              
"Service" means the Google Maps API road and satellite imagery
              provided by Google to Customer under the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan Agreement.
              Geocoding features of the Maps API are not covered herein.
              
"Service Credit" means: (a) three days of Service added to the
              end of Customer’s term for the Service, at no charge to Customer, if the Monthly
              Uptime Percentage for any calendar month is between 99.0% and 99.9%; or (b) seven
              days of Service added to the end of Customer’s term for the Service, at no charge to
              Customer, if the Monthly Uptime Percentage for any calendar month is between 99.0%
              and 95.0 %; or (c) fifteen days of Service added to the end of Customer’s term for
              the Service, at no charge to Customer, if the Monthly Uptime Percentage for any
              calendar month is less than 95.0%.
              
