
      Google Maps APIs: Technical Support Services Guidelines
    
    iframe.c1 {display:none;visibility:hidden}
    
        Google Maps APIs: Technical Support Services Guidelines
      
        Introduction
      
        Google will make available technical support services for Customer’s Google Maps APIs
        Products and Services ("Products and Services") as provided in this Technical Support
        Service Guideline ("TSSG") and Customer's applicable agreement. This TSSG supplements the
        Google Maps Products and Services terms and conditions as entered into between Google and
        Customer (the "Agreement").
      
              1. Covered Products and Services
            
Except as otherwise provided below, Google will, upon Customer’s payment of all
          applicable fees, provide technical support services for the Products and Services
          identified in Section 2. Please note that not all technical support services are
          available for all Products and Services.
          
              2. Technical Support Service Request Submission
            
A. Support Levels. Google will provide Customer either Silver
                Support or Gold Support, as indicated in the applicable ordering document. If the
                ordering document does not identify a specific Support Level, then Google will
                provide Silver Support, as described here:
                
                      Product
                    
                      Silver1
                      Gold2
                      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
                    
                      Default
                    
                      Available as upgrade
                    
                      Google Maps Tile API
                    
                      Default
                    
                      Available as upgrade
                    
1. Please see Section 5 for details regarding Silver Support.
2. Please see Target Initial Response Times below and contact Google for
                  more information. Gold Support is available for purchase at an additional charge.
                  Please see Section 6 for details regarding Gold Support.
B. Customer Efforts to Fix Issues. Prior to making a Request,
                Customer will use reasonable efforts to resolve any error, bug, malfunction or
                network connectivity defect without escalation to Google. Thereafter, a Customer
                Contact may submit a written request for technical support services through the GWS
                Site or, if authorized, make a request by phone.
              
C. Characterization of Requests. Customers determine issue
                Priority upon Request submission. Upon receiving a Request from a Customer Contact,
                Google will confirm whether the Request is a "Service Unusable," "Standard Request"
                or a "Feature Request". Any such determination made by Google is final and binding
                on Customer. Google reserves the right to change Customer's priority designation if
                Google believes that Customer's designation is incorrect and will inform Customer
                of any such change. Customer may appeal any such reclassification to Google's
                technical support service personnel as provided in the GWS Site.
              
D. Procedures for Acknowledgement and Request Resolution. When
                making a Request, Customer will provide requested diagnostic information including,
                but not limited to:
                
Customer's product domain name or names, or other Google product identifiers
                  such as API keys and Client ID strings;
                  
Customer's software version, serial, and/or order numbers, when available;
                  
Customer’s machine, network, and/or hardware specifications and
                  configuration, when relevant;
                  
Description of the issue, including any error messages and
                  
Description of Customer’s efforts to resolve the issue (see Section B above)
                  prior to contacting Google.
                  
Customer Contact commits to further communication via email or telephone to
                answer questions and assist Google support personnel as needed. If Customer does
                not provide timely communication the Request will be considered resolved.
              
E. Feature Requests. If Google deems a Request to be a Feature
                Request, Google will log such Request for consideration and will consider the
                Request resolved. Google is under no obligation to respond to or enact any Feature
                Request or to include any such Feature Request in any future update or release.
              
F. Custom Implementations and Errors in Data. Google reserves the
                sole right to determine whether to respond to Requests regarding: (i) general or
                custom implementations that do not adhere to the documented and supported Product
                and Service configurations; (ii) underlying errors in data; and (iii) cases where
                user account data or address locations are incorrect or missing.
              
G. Request Acknowledgement. Google may respond to a Request by
                acknowledging the Request’s receipt. Customer agrees that Google may be unable to
                provide answers to, or resolve, all Requests.
              
H. Supported Product Version. Unless otherwise specified in
                writing by Google, (i) Google will support the current and one immediately previous
                official version of the Products and Services, and (ii) Google will only support
                the most recent official version of these products for Android and other mobile
                software. Where applicable, Customer’s hardware must meet all system requirements
                for the Product and Services as documented.
              
              3. Accessing Technical Support Services
            
A. Support Site. Customer must contact Google via the GWS Site, or
                via the phone contact information published in the GWS Site, to receive Silver
                Support or Gold Support. Requests submitted via personal email, posts to forums,
                “Send Feedback” forms, product-specific Help Centers, or other channels may not be
                responded to and are not covered by this TSSG. For more information on contacting
                Support, visit https://developers.google.com/maps/support/contact-support.
              
B. Phone. For products which offer phone support, Customer must be
                able to access the GWS Site to retrieve phone contact information and, where
                applicable, Customer PINs.
              
C. Designated Customer Contacts. Customer Contacts will provide
                first-level support to internal Customer end users. Google will provide
                second-level technical support services to Customer Contacts only. Customer may
                edit the Customer Contact information in the GWS Site, where possible. If Customer
                is not able to use the GWS Site for this purpose, Customer will notify Google of
                changes via a Request. All Customer Contact changes must be made at least five
                Business Days before the change becomes effective.
              
D. Support Hours. Google will process Requests during the Hours of
                Operation, unless otherwise indicated here. Any Requests received outside of the
                Hours of Operation will be logged and processed at the beginning of the next
                Business Day.
              
E. Target Initial Response Times. Google will make commercially
                reasonable efforts to respond to Requests as determined by Service Level:
                
                      Silver
                    
                      Gold
                    
                      Service Unusable first Response: 24x7 Pager
                    
                      Not available
                    
                      1 hour
                    
                      Service Unusable First Response: Phone3
                      4 hours
                    
                      1 hour
                    
                      Service Unusable First Response: Web or Email
                    
                      4 hours
                    
                      2 hours
                    
                      Standard Request First Response
                    
                      24 hours
                    
                      24 hours
                    
                      Feature Request First Response
                    
                      48 hours
                    
                      48 hours
                    
3. Requests submitted via phone will be dispatched by our call centers and
                  responded via email or an outbound phone call.
                  Notes: Response times shown in Business Hours/Days, which fall within the Hours
                  of Operation.
                
              4. General Provisions
            
Violation of Acceptable Use Policy (AUP). Technical support
                services are not provided to Customers that violate the AUP. Unless otherwise
                indicated by Google in writing, the AUP governing Product and Services use and
                support is located at https://enterprise.google.com/maps/terms/universal_aup.html.
TSSG Updates. Google may update this TSSG from time to time upon
                notice to Customer.
              
Maintenance. If Google expects planned Maintenance to negatively
                affect Product and Services availability or functionality, Google will use
                commercially reasonable efforts to provide advanced notice of the Maintenance. In
                addition, Google may perform emergency unscheduled Maintenance at any time. If
                Google expects such emergency unscheduled Maintenance to negatively affect the
                technical support services availability or functionality, Google will use
                commercially reasonable efforts to provide advance notice of such Maintenance.
                Maintenance notices will be provided via the GWS Site. In addition, Customers who
                subscribe may also be able to receive email and/or RSS Feed notifications of
                Maintenance.
              
Language. The parties agree that all technical support services
                provided by Google to Customer pursuant to this TSSG will be provided in the
                English language.
              
Term of Support. Google will only provide the technical support
                services described in this TSSG during the term of the Agreement and will have no
                obligation to provide any technical support services to Customer after the
                Agreement’s expiration or termination.
              
              5. Silver Support
            
              All Customers that pay for technical support services will receive Silver Support,
              which includes the following:
            
Access to technical support services through the GWS Site and Google Help
              Centers.
              
Silver Support Response Times indicated in Section 2 above.
              
Maintenance updates of the Products and Services.
              
              6. Gold Support (Fees apply)
            
              Gold Support includes all of the items set forth in Section 5 above as well as the
              following:
            
24 hour by 7 days per week (24x7) pager response to Service Unusable Requests
              that affect a live, production application serving results to Customer end users.
              
Gold Support Response Times indicated in Section 3(E) above.
              
              7. Defined Terms
            
              For the purpose of this TSSG, the capitalized terms below will have the following
              meanings:
            
"Business Day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
              regional holidays as documented in the GWS Site.
              
"Business Hour" means a time period of one hour within the Hours
              of Operation.
              
"Customer Contacts" means one or two administrators or technical
              employees designated by Customer in writing who are allowed to contact Google for
              technical support services.
              
"Feature Request" means a Request to incorporate a new feature
              or enhance an existing feature of the Products and Services that is currently not
              available.
              
"GWS Site" means the Google Cloud Support site, currently
              located at https://www.google.com/work/portal (or such other URL that may be provided
              by Google).
              
"Gold Support" is defined above in Section 6.
              
"Hours of Operation" means either:
                
for Customers located in Europe, Middle East and Africa, 9:00 - 17:00 GMT
                  (Greenwich Mean Time) on Business Days;
                  
for Customers located in Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and Southern/Eastern
                  Asia, 9:00 to 17:00 JST (Japan Standard Time) on Business Days; or
                  
for Customers located in all other countries or regions, 9:00 to 17:00
                  Pacific Time on Business Days.
                  
Hours of Operation are subject to change as provided in this TSSG.
              
"Maintenance" means maintenance work that is performed on
              hardware, software or other technical infrastructure delivering the Products and
              Services.
              
"Priority" means the level of impact a Request is having on
              Customer’s operations and is used to establish target response times. Priority level
              definitions are documented here: https://support.google.com/work/answer/184028?hl=en.
              
"Request" means a request from a Customer Contact to Google
              technical support service personnel for technical support services to address a
              question or problem regarding the Products and Services.
              
"Service Unusable" is any situation where Customer, adhering to
              published technical guidelines for and documented correct usage of the Products and
              Services, is unable to access or use the Products and Services for the majority of
              its end users for a period of time greater than fifteen (15) minutes. Customer must
              identify a Request as Service Unusable as provided in the Priority chart.
              
"Standard Request" means a Request made by Customer to Google
              that is not a Service Unusable Request or Feature Request.
              
"Silver Support" is defined above in Section 5.
              
"Support Level" is a set of characteristics regarding the
              technical support service that will be provided to Customer (i.e. available contact
              methods for Requests; target initial response times).
              
Last updated: 2017-10-18
