
      Google Earth Enterprise
    
        Google Coordinate Service Level Agreement
      
Google Coordinate SLA. During the Term of the applicable Google
          Coordinate Agreement (the "Agreement"), the Google Coordinate Covered Services web
          interface will be operational and available to Customer at least 99.9% of the time in any
          calendar month (the "Google Coordinate SLA"). If Google does not meet the Google
          Coordinate SLA, and if Customer meets its obligations under the Agreement and this Google
          Coordinate SLA, Customer will be eligible to receive the Service Credits described below.
          This Google Coordinate SLA states Customer's sole and exclusive remedy for any failure by
          Google to meet the Google Coordinate SLA.
        
Definitions. The following definitions shall apply to the Google
          Coordinate SLA.
        
"Downtime" means, for a domain, if the average server-side latency,
          measured over a one-minute period, for requesting one of the Google Coordinate web
          console pages exceeds 5 seconds.
          
"Downtime Period" means, for a domain, a period of ten consecutive
          minutes of Downtime. Intermittent Downtime for a period of less than ten minutes will not
          be counted towards any Downtime Periods.
          
"Google Coordinate Covered Services" means the Google Coordinate web
          console components of the Service only. This does not include integrations with other
          Google products such as Google Hangouts, Google+, Google Earth Builder, Google Maps for
          Mobile, or Google Floor Plans/Floor Plans Marker.
          
"Monthly Uptime Percentage" means total number of minutes in a
          calendar month minus the number of minutes of Downtime suffered from all Downtime Periods
          in a calendar month, divided by the total number of minutes in a calendar month.
          
"Scheduled Downtime" means those times where Google notifies
          Customers of periods of Downtime five days prior to the commencement of such Downtime.
          There will be no more than twelve hours of Scheduled Downtime per calendar year.
          Scheduled Downtime is not considered Downtime for purposes of this SLA, and will not be
          counted towards any Downtime Periods.
          
"Service" means the Google Coordinate service provided by Google to
          Customer under the Agreement.
          
"Service Credit" means the following:
Monthly Uptime Percentage
Days of Service added to the end of the Service term (or monetary credit
                  equal to the value of days of service for monthly postpay billing customers), at
                  no charge to Customer
                  < 99.9% - >= 99.0%
                
                  3
                
                  < 99.0% - >= 95.0%
                
                  7
                
                  < 95.0%
                
                  15
                
Customer Must Request Service Credit. In order to receive any of the
          Service Credits described above, Customer must notify Google within thirty days from the
          time Customer becomes eligible to receive a Service Credit. Failure to comply with this
          requirement will forfeit Customer's right to receive a Service Credit.
        
Maximum Service Credit. The aggregate maximum number of Service Credits
          to be issued by Google to Customer for all Downtime that occurs in a single calendar
          month shall not exceed fifteen days of Service added to the end of Customer's term for
          the Service (or the value of 15 days of service in the form of a monetary credit to a
          monthly-billing customer’s account). Service Credits may not be exchanged for, or
          converted to, monetary amounts.
        
Google Coordinate SLA Exclusions. The Google Coordinate SLA does not
          apply to any services that expressly exclude this Google Coordinate SLA (as stated in the
          documentation for such services) or any performance issues: (i) caused by factors
          described in the "Force Majeure" section of the Agreement; or (ii) that resulted from
          Customer's equipment or third party equipment, or both (not within the primary control of
          Google); or (iii) caused by the lack or performance of mobile network, wireless, or GPS
          connectivity.
        
