
      Legal Notices for Google Maps/Google Earth and Google Maps/Google Earth APIs – Google
    
Skip to content
Google Maps
Help Center
Geo Permissions
Terms of Service
Legal Notices
              
Photos and Videos Policy
Legal Notices for Business Listings
          Legal Notices for Google Maps/Google Earth and Google Maps/Google Earth APIs
        
          The following are various legal notices that Google is obligated to provide by law and/or
          by contract (the "Legal Notices"). The Legal Notices are incorporated by reference into
          the Google Maps/Google Earth
          Terms of Service and the Google
          Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms of Service. By using Google Maps, Google Earth, or the
          Google Maps/Google Earth APIs (collectively, the "Products"), you are
          agreeing to be bound by these Legal Notices. Unless otherwise specified, capitalized
          terms used in these Legal Notices have the meanings described in the Google Terms of Service, the Google Maps/Google Earth Terms of
          Service, and the Google
          Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms of Service.
        
1 Standards. Google Maps and Google Earth rely on widely-recognized
          international standards for naming and mapping conventions. For example, for country and
          territory naming, we rely primarily on the 
          ISO-3166 standard, which is recognized by the UN Statistics Division.
        
2 U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If any Product is used or accessed
          by or on behalf of the United States government, such use or access is subject to the
          following provision. The Products and any related documentation are deemed "commercial
          computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, within
          the meaning of the applicable civilian and military Federal acquisition regulations and
          any supplement thereto. If the user of the Product is an agency, department, employee, or
          other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction,
          release, modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Products, including technical data,
          manuals or other accompanying documentation, is restricted by the terms, conditions and
          covenants contained in the Google Maps/Google Earth Terms of Service and the Google
          Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms of Service. In accordance with Federal Acquisition
          Regulation 12.212 for civilian agencies and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation
          Supplement 227.7202 for military agencies, use of the Products is further restricted by
          the Google Maps/Google Earth Terms of Service and the Google Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms
          of Service.
        
3 TomTom Licensed Content.
3.1 Restrictions on Commercial Use of TomTom Licensed Content.
          (a) You are not permitted to print more than 5,000 copies of sales collateral materials
          containing a screenshot of TomTom Licensed Content for commercial sales lead generation
          ("Direct Marketing"). If you desire to do so, you must (i) enter into a Google Enterprise
          license agreement or (ii) contact TomTom to obtain a direct license to do so.
        
          (b) You are not permitted to incorporate TomTom Licensed Content as a core part of
          printed matter (such as printed maps or guide books) that you redistribute for a fee. If
          you desire to do so, you must contact TomTom to obtain a license.
        
          (c) You are not permitted to offer a batch geocoding service that uses the TomTom
          Licensed Content contained in any Google products or services.
        
3.2 Restrictions on Government Use of TomTom Licensed Content. If
          Licensed Content provided by TomTom is used or accessed by or on behalf of the United
          States government or any other entity seeking or applying rights similar to those
          customarily claimed by the United States government, such use or access is subject to the
          following provisions:
        
          (a) U.S. Government Limited or Restricted Rights. If you are an agency,
          department, or other entity of the United States Government, or funded in whole or in
          part by the United States Government, then your use, duplication, reproduction, release,
          modification, disclosure or transfer of this commercial product and accompanying
          documentation, is restricted in accordance with the LIMITED or RESTRICTED rights as
          described in DFARS 252.227-7014(a)(1) (JUN 1995) (DOD commercial computer software
          definition), DFARS 227.7202-1 (DOD policy on commercial computer software), FAR 52.227-19
          (JUN 1987) (commercial computer software clause for civilian agencies), DFARS
          252.227-7015 (NOV 1995) (DOD technical data - commercial items clause); FAR 52.227-14
          Alternates I, II, and III (JUN 1987) (civilian agency technical data and noncommercial
          computer software clause); and/or FAR 12.211 and FAR 12.212 (commercial item
          acquisitions), as applicable. In case of conflict between any of the FAR and DFARS
          provisions listed herein and this license, the construction that provides greater
          limitations on the Government's rights shall control. Contractor/manufacturer is TomTom,
          De Ruyterkade 154, 1011 AC Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Phone: 0031.20757.5000. The
          Licensed Content is ©1984-2008 by TomTom. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. For purpose of any public
          disclosure provision under any federal, state or local law, it is agreed that the
          Licensed Content is a trade secret and a proprietary commercial product and not subject
          to disclosure.
        
          (b) Protection from Public Disclosure. If you are an agency, department,
          or other entity of any State government, the United States Government or any other public
          entity or funded in whole or in part by the United States Government, then you hereby
          agree to protect the Licensed Content from public disclosure and to consider the Licensed
          Content exempt from any statute, law, regulation, or code, including any Sunshine Act,
          Public Records Act, Freedom of Information Act, or equivalent, which permits public
          access and/or reproduction or use of the Licensed Content. If such exemption is
          challenged under any such laws, this license agreement will be considered breached and
          any and all right to retain any copies or to use of the Licensed Content will be
          terminated and considered immediately null and void. Any copies of the Licensed Content
          held by you will immediately be destroyed. If any court of competent jurisdiction
          considers this clause void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, for any reason, this
          license agreement will be considered terminated and null and void, in its entirety, and
          any and all copies of the Licensed Content will immediately be destroyed.
        
3.3 Additional Restrictions on Use of Municipal Boundaries. TomTom
          Licensed Content containing municipal boundaries must not be used to create or derive
          applications that are used for the purpose of tariff or tax rate determination for a
          particular address or range of addresses.
        
4 Country-Specific Notices.
4.1 Andorra
          Govern de Andorra
        
4.2 Argentina
          Map Data © 2013 Inav/Geosistemas
        
4.3 Australia
          Certain content used as part of the Services is derived from SUNA Traffic Channel and is
          provided to Google under a license agreement with Intelematics Australia Pty Ltd ACN 084
          882 584.
        
          Certain content which is available as part of the Services is derived from data provided
          by Transport for NSW. Public Transport Customers requiring the most current information
          should check at www.131500.com.au
4.4 Austria
          (a) BEV - BA fuer Eich und Vermessungswesen (Geocodes) © Österreichisches Adressregister,
          2009. You are not permitted, at any one time, to use Austrian Postal Data to provide,
          display or provide access to mass downloads or bulk feeds of numerical latitude and
          longitude coordinates.
        
          (b) BEV - BA fuer Eich und Vermessungswesen (Map Data) © BEV, 2009
        
4.5 Belgium
          (a) Institut Geographique National - IGN Belgium
        
          (b) Brussels UrbIS®© - Distribution & Copyright CIRB/CIBG
        
4.6 Canada
          Google maps of Canada includes data provided from the following:
        
Source Data: © 2009 DMTI Spatial Inc.
          
Statistics Canada 2005-2008 Road Network File
          
GeoBase - http://www.geobase.ca/
          
          Google maps of Canada contains Postal CodeOM Data copied by Google under a sub-license
          from DMTI Spatial Inc., a party directly licensed by Canada Post Corporation. The Canada
          Post Corporation file from which this data was copied is dated September 2009 or later.
        
          Google maps du Canada contient des données qui ont été reproduites avec l'autorisation de
          DMTI Spatial Inc. sur sous-licence de la Société canadienne des postes. Le fichier de la
          Société canadienne des postes d'où proviennent ces données est daté de septembre 2009 ou
          plus tard.
        
4.7 China
          © CenNavi
        
4.8 Denmark
          (a) © COWI A/S
        
          (b) © DAVdata.dk
        
          (c) © The Danish Road Directorate / Vejdirektoratet
        
4.9 Finland
          (a) National Land Survey of Finland © NLS, 2011
        
          (b) The Finnish Road Administration /Digiroad 2011
        
4.10 France and Monaco
          (a) © IGN France © 2009 IGN France BD Topo® IGN, © 2007 IGN France BD Ortho® IGN 50cm, ©
          2011 IGN France - Ortho HR® IGN 20cm (Paris region)
        
          (b) © Principauté de Monaco
        
4.11 Germany
          (a) Bundesamt für Kartographie und Geodäsie - © Vermessungsverwaltungen der Bundesländer
          und Bundesamt für Kartographie und Geodäsie
        
          (b) Trails and Points of Interest © Bayerische Vermessungsverwaltung
          (www.geodaten.bayern.de)
        
          (c) © 2012 Aerowest; municipal of Hilden, City of Oberhausen, City of Konstanz,
          Wuppertal, © 2007 Stadt Karlsruhe VLW
        
4.12 Great Britain
          This product contains Ordnance Survey data © Crown copyright and database right 2011,
          Royal Mail data © Royal Mail copyright and database right 2011, and National Statistics
          data © Crown copyright and database right 2011
          (http://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/oswebsite/docs/licences/os-opendata-licence.pdf). All
          rights reserved. © South West Coast Path Team. Contains information of Network Rail
          Infrastructure Limited licensed under the following license. Contains public
          sector information licensed under the Open Government
          Licence v2.0.
        
4.13 Greece
          (a) EuroGeographics; Copyright Geomatics Ltd.
        
          (b) © 2012 Epsilon International SA
        
4.14 Hong Kong
          Google Maps of Hong Kong includes business listings and transit data provided by Mapking
          International Limited – www.mapking.com”
        
4.15 Hungary
          © GeoX – FÖMI – MoD Mapping Agency, 2012
        
4.16 Italy (including Vatican City and San Marino)
          (a) © Geonext/DeAgostini
        
          (b) © 2005 ediMap di Marcello Robberto
        
4.17 Ireland
          (a) © An Post GeoDirectory Limited 2012
        
          (b) This product includes mapping data licensed from Ordnance Survey Ireland. © Ordnance
          Survey Ireland year 2009. All rights reserved. Licence number AND09/09v1.0
        
4.18 Israel
          (a) Based on mapping data from Mapa - Mapping and Publishing Ltd ("Mapa"). © Mapa -
          Mapping and Publishing. The mapping data is protected by international copyright laws and
          international copyright conventions.
        
          (b) Your use of mapping data is permitted only for personal use (unless you are a
          business user where you can use the mapping for internal use, and in accordance with
          Google's terms that apply to the relevant Product) via Google's services.
        
          (c) Unless authorized by these terms or Google's applicable terms of use, you may not:
          (i) copy, duplicate, reproduce, modify, sell, trade, resale, reverse engineer, create
          derivatives, digitize, translate or transcode the mapping data; or (ii) use the mapping
          data with any products, systems, functions or applications otherwise connected to or in
          communication with vehicles, vehicle navigation, positioning, dispatch, real time route
          guidance, fleet management, force management or similar application.
        
          (d) You undertake full responsibility and risk related to your use of the mapping data.
          Mapa is not responsible to you for the mapping data and does not make or give to you any
          representations or warranties, express and implied, in connection with the mapping data,
          including, but not limited to, the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usability of
          the mapping data. Therefore, Mapa is not liable to you for any damage or claim
          whatsoever, direct or indirect, arising from your use the mapping data.
        
          (e) You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Mapa from and against any and all
          claims or actions arising out of or in connection with your use of the mapping data
          accessed from or through Google's Products, including, but not limited to, losses,
          liabilities, damages, injuries (including injuries resulting in death), costs and
          expenses (including legal fees and costs).
        
4.19 Japan
          (a) 日本の Google マップのサービスには、第三者から提供された著作権の対象となるデータに基づいて Google が変更したビジネス リスティング
          データが含まれます。当該データを許可なく使用すると、Google
          またはその他の者が保持する著作権を侵害することになる可能性があります。また商用利用は固く禁じられています。ユーザーがビジネス リスティング
          データを取得することは許可されていません。
        
          (b) Google および Google
          マップに表示されるデータの使用を許諾する第三者は、本データの使用に起因する（結果的損害を含む）いかなる損害についても責任を負わないものとします。
        
          (c) 日本の地図画像、または地図を元にしたコンテンツの作成に使用されている KANJIDIC 辞書ファイルは、Electronic Dictionary Research
          and Development Group が著作権を有しており（© by the Electronic Dictionary Research and Development
          Group）、Electronic Dictionary Research and Development Group のライセンスに準拠して使用されています。
        
          (d) この地図の作成に当たっては、国土地理院長の承認を得て、同院発行の50万分の1地方図及び2万5千分の1地形図を使用した。（承認番号 平26情使、第244-B28号）
        
          (e) ©2012 一般財団法人日本デジタル道路地図協会 この地図の作成に当たっては、一般財団法人日本デジタル道路地図協会発行の全国デジタル道路地図データベースを使用しました。（
          測量法第44条に基づく成果使用承認 12-163N ）
        
          (f)（株）トヨタマップマスター:
          本品に使用している交通規制データは、道路交通法および警察庁の指導に基づき全国交通安全活動推進センターが公開している交通規制情報を使用して、（株）トヨタマップマスターが作成したものを使用しています。当該交規制データが現場の交通規制と異なるときは、実際の交通規制標識/標示などを優先して運転してください。当該交通規制データは無断で複写・複製・加工・改変することはできません。当該交通規制データが現場の交通規制と異なるときは、実際の交通規制標識/標示などを優先して運転してください。当該交通規制データは無断で複写・複製・加工・改変することはできません。
        
          (g) この地図の作成にあたり、平凡社と平凡社地図出版からのライセンス提供を受けています。
        
          (h) 交承 平成 25 年 110 号 JR データの内容は、株式会社交通新聞社発行の「JR 時刻表」平成 27 年 7 月号に基づ
          いています。この時刻データを無断で転載・複写し、又は紙媒体、電磁媒体その他いかなる媒体に加工することも禁じます。
        
          (i)
          ㈱ゼンリンの提供する地図データに基づいています。この地図データは世界各国の著作権法および国際的な著作権協定によって保護されています。当該データを無断転載／複写又は加工することを禁じます。
        
          Based on mapping data from Zenrin Co., Ltd. The mapping data is protected by
          international copyright laws and international copyright treaties. Reprinting,
          duplication or processing of the data without permission is prohibited. Map Data © Zenrin
          2013
        
4.20 Lebanon
          Source: ORION-ME
        
4.21 Luxembourg
          © Administration du Cadastre et de la Topography (ACT)
        
4.22 Mexico
          Source: INEGI (INSTITUTO NACIONAL DE ESTADÍSTICA Y GEOGRAFÍA)
        
4.23 Netherlands
          © Andes B.V.
        
          When using public transit data for The Netherlands, the data may have been supplied by
          Reisinformatiegroep B.V. (9292). These data may not be used to: (a) provide any product
          or service that deliberately negatively affects the broad availability of open public
          transport information to the public (e.g., deliberately misinforms end users); or (b)
          provide any product or service that is unethical or tortious in respect of third parties,
          in particular public transport operators (e.g., promotes fare dodging). These data are
          not suitable for interpreting the performance of public transport operators. 9292
          explicitly reserves its rights.
        
4.24 Northern Ireland
          © Ordnance Survey of Northern Ireland
        
4.25 Norway
          Elveg©Statens kartverk and Statens vegvesen, N50 Kartdata©Statens kartverk
        
4.26 Poland
          MultiNet™ data of Poland may not be used to create commercial printed maps or map
          products.
        
4.27 Portugal
          (a) IgeoE - Portugal
        
          (b) © 2012 SRES DRIGOT
        
          (c) © CTT-Correios de Portugal, SA
        
4.28 Russia
          GIS Innovatsia 2011, Database«TopoRF_1000000» (с) ДАТА+, 2006 2013 Rosreestr
        
4.29 Singapore
          The Licensed Content used as part of the Services for traffic information is provided to
          Google under a license agreement with Quantum Inventions Pte Ltd.
        
          This product includes mapping data licensed from MapIt MSC Sdn Bhd
        
4.30 South Korea
          Based upon electronic data © SK planet Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Korean Association
          Survey and Mapping Review Completed No. 2012-018 (2012-05-09).
        
4.31 Spain
          (a) Vectorial cartographic information based on Base Cartográfica Nacional from Instituto
          Geográfico Nacional de España
        
          (b) Ajuntament de Roses
        
          (c) Ajuntament de Sant Cugat del Vallès
        
          (d) Protected areas - EUROPARC España
        
4.32 Sweden
          (a) © 2009 Cartesia GIS AB
        
          (b) © Lantmäteriet/Metria
        
          (c) © Swedish Environmental Protection Agency
        
          (d) © 2009 Vägverket
        
          (e) Based upon electronic data © National Land Survey Sweden
        
4.33 Switzerland
          (a) © Swisstopo
        
          (b) Swiss Postal Data (March 2011) are © Die Schweizerische Post. You are not permitted,
          at any one time, to use Swiss Postal Data to provide, display or provide access to mass
          downloads or bulk feeds of numerical latitude and longitude coordinates.
        
          (c) © BSF Swissphoto
        
4.34 South Africa
          © AfriGIS (Pty) Ltd
        
4.35 Taiwan
          © 2013 Kingwaytek Technology Co.,Ltd.
        
4.36 Turkey
          © 2013 Basarsoft
        
4.37 Ukraine
          © Transnavicom - http://www.transnavi.com/
        
4.38 United States. Google maps of the United States include data
          provided from the following sources:
        
          (a) U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service - http://www.fws.gov/
        
          (b) U.S. Census Bureau - http://www.census.gov/
        
          (c) USDA Forest Service - http://www.fs.fed.us/
        
          (d) U.S. Geological Survey, Gap Analysis Program (GAP) -
          http://gapanalysis.nbii.gov/PADUS
        
          (e) U.S. Geological Survey, U.S. Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) -
          http://geonames.usgs.gov/
        
          (f) U.S. Geological Survey, National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) - http://nhd.usgs.gov/
        
          (g) U.S. Geological Survey, Topographic Maps - http://topomaps.usgs.gov/
        
          (h) U.S. Geological Survey - http://www.usgs.gov/
        
          (i) U.S. Coast Guard - http://www.uscg.mil/
        
          (j) University of New Hampshire - http://ccom.unh.edu/
        
          (k) U.S. National Parks Service - http://www.nps.gov
        
          (l) U.S. Department of Transportation, Research and Innovative Technology Administration
          - http://www.rita.dot.gov/
        
4.39 Worldwide
          (a) Unicode Common Locale Data Repository © Unicode, Inc.
          (http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html). All rights reserved.
        
          (b) © 2010 Europa Technologies
        
5 Business Listings Data.
5.1 Google Local Business Listings in France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium,
          Denmark, Israel, Luxemborg and Monaco
          When you search for local listings in France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark,
          Israel, Luxembourg and Monaco, your search results may include content (including
          business listings and related information) which has been supplied by Kapitol S.A.
          (trading as Infobel) (the "Infobel Content"). The intellectual property rights in the
          Infobel Content are owned by Kapitol S.A. or its licensors. The Infobel Content may only
          be used in accordance with these Terms of Service and the applicable terms and conditions
          of Kapitol S.A. If you know that your business listing is supplied by Kapitol S.A., and
          you have any questions about it you should contact them directly.
        
5.2 Google Local Business Listings in the United States
          When you search for local listings, Google displays business listings which may be
          supplied by Acxiom Corporation and/or infoUSA Inc. ("Axciom" and/or "infoUSA"). This
          information is proprietary to those corporations and is protected under U.S. copyright
          law and international treaty provisions. This information is licensed for your personal
          or professional use and may not be resold or provided to others. Except as permitted
          through the Products, you may not distribute, sell, rent, sublicense, or lease such
          information, in whole or in part to any third party; and you will not make such
          information available in whole or in part to any other user in any networked or
          time-sharing environment, or transfer the information in whole or in part to any computer
          other than the PC used to access this information.
        
5.3 Google Local Business Listings in Brazil
          When you search for local listings in Brazil, your search results may include content
          (including business listings and related information) that has been supplied by
          TeleListas S/A. The intellectual property rights in this content are owned by TeleListas
          or its licensors, and may only be used in accordance with these Terms of Service and any
          applicable terms and conditions of TeleListas. If you know that your business listing is
          supplied by TeleListas and you have any questions about it, you should contact them
          directly.
        
5.4 Google Local Business Listings in Bulgaria
          When you search for local listings in Bulgaria, your search results may include content
          (including business listings and related information) that has been supplied by New
          Europe Directories Bulgaria EOOD (www.goldenpages.bg). The intellectual property rights
          in this content are owned by New Europe Directories Bulgaria EOOD or its licensors, and
          may only be used in accordance with these Terms of Service and any applicable terms and
          conditions of New Europe Directories Bulgaria EOOD. If you know that your business
          listing is supplied by New Europe Directories Bulgaria EOOD and you have any questions
          about it, you should contact them directly.
        
5.5 Google Local Business Listings in Norway
          When you search for local listings in Norway, your search results may include content
          (including business listings and related information) that has been supplied by Digitale
          Medier 1881 AS (www.1881.no). The intellectual property rights in this content are owned
          by Digitale Medier 1881 AS or its licensors, and may only be used in accordance with
          these Terms of Service and any applicable terms and conditions of Digitale Medier 1881
          AS. If you know that your business listing is supplied by Digitale Medier 1881 AS and you
          have any questions about it, you should contact them directly.
        
5.6 Google Local Business Listings in Italy
          When you search for local listings in Italy, your search results may include content
          (including business listings and related information) that has been supplied by SEAT
          Pagine Gialle SPA (www.paginegialle.it). The intellectual property rights in this content
          are owned by SEAT Pagine Gialle SPA or its licensors, and may only be used in accordance
          with these Terms of Service and any applicable terms and conditions of SEAT Pagine Gialle
          SPA. If you know that your business listing is supplied by SEAT Pagine Gialle SPA and you
          have any questions about it, you should contact them directly.
        
5.7 Google Local Business Listings in Republic of Ireland
          When you search for local listings in the Republic of Ireland, your search results may
          include content (including business listings and related information) that has been
          supplied by Central Index (www.centralindex.com) and YourLocal.ie, trading names of Touch
          Local Ltd. The intellectual property rights in this content are owned by Touch Local Ltd
          or its licensors, and may only be used in accordance with these Terms of Service and any
          applicable terms and conditions of Touch Local Ltd. If you know that your business
          listing is supplied by Touch Local Ltd. and you have any questions about it, you should
          contact them directly.
        
6 Software.
6.1 Interactive Data Visualization, Inc.
          Google Earth utilizes SpeedTree®RT technology (©2011 Interactive Data Visualization,
          Inc.). SpeedTree® is a registered trademark of Interactive Data Visualization, Inc. All
          rights reserved.
        
6.2 NewSouth Innovations
          Google Earth uses Kakadu software as an integrated component. No usage rights, expressed
          or implied, are provided for said product independent of Google Earth. Kakadu is a
          trademark of NewSouth Innovations Ltd.
        
7 Miscellaneous
          3D Cities SA
        
          AutoNavi (Mapabc)
        
          Cybercity
        
          Disney
        
          Mapabc
        
          Nanaimo
        
          Nashville Davidson County
        
          Sanborn
        
          Screampoint International
        
          November 26, 2013
        
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
