
      Google Maps for Business
    
li.c1 {list-style: none; display: inline}
    
        Google Enterprise Geo Master License-Google Maps Engine
      
        This Google Enterprise Geo Master Agreement for the licensing of Google
        Enterprise Maps and Earth Products and Services (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into
        by and between Google Inc. (“Google”) and the customer identified below and/or on the
        Ordering Document(s)(“Customer”). This Agreement, each accompanying addendum and each
        accompanying Ordering Document governs Customer’s access to and use of the Products and
        Services.
      
        This Agreement is effective on the date mutually agreed by the parties (“Effective Date”).
      
          1. Product and Services Terms and Conditions.
        
            1.1 The Agreement is a master agreement. The Customer must have the
            Agreement in effect to obtain Products and Services. Customer may obtain Products and
            Services by entering into a corresponding Addendum. The parties will execute the
            Agreement first and are subject to an agreed term. An Addendum is entered separately
            and is subject to its own terms.
          
            1.2 Generally Applicable Product and Services Terms. Except as
            otherwise permitted by the Product or Service in the Documentation, Customer will not,
            and will not allow others to: (a) copy Software except as explicitly authorized; (b)
            use the Products and Services for High Risk Activities; (c) use the Product and
            Services to create a substantially similar products or services; or (d) extract any
            Google Content for use outside of the Products.
          
            1.3 Separate Use. Unless otherwise authorized by Google, Customer will
            not: (a) distribute or sell Google Content; (b) incorporate or embed Google Content or
            components of the Products and Services into any of Customer's products or services
            that it makes available to third parties; or (c) offer the Services, or any Customer
            products and services based upon the Services, on a subscription basis to
            third-parties.
          
            1.4 Third-Party Components. Any third party component embedded,
            included or provided for use with the Software may only be used in conjunction with the
            Software, and this use is subject to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum and
            Documentation. However, to the extent Software includes components governed by open
            source licenses with provisions inconsistent with this Agreement, those components are
            instead governed solely by the applicable open source licenses. To the extent Software
            includes components covered by open source licenses requiring the provision of
            corresponding source code, Google hereby offers such source code consistent with those
            licenses.
          
            1.5 Software Restrictions. If Customer licenses Software under this
            Agreement, then Customer, except as expressly permitted in an Addendum, will not (and
            will not allow any third party to): (a) use or reproduce, modify, create derivative
            works, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Software or attempt to
            reconstruct or discover any source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or
            programming interfaces of the Software by (except and only to the extent that
            applicable law prohibits or restricts reverse engineering restrictions), or incorporate
            the Software into or with other software; (b) distribute, sell, sublicense, rent, lease
            to third parties or otherwise make the Software functionality available to third
            parties except as set forth herein; or (c) remove or in any manner alter any Software
            identification, proprietary, trademark, copyright or other notices.
          
            1.6 Customer Data.
a. Services Use. Customer may upload Customer Data into the
            Systems via the methods described in, and this Customer Data will be stored in
            accordance with, the Documentation.
            
b. Risk of Loss. Customer Data will not be returned to Customer,
            whether the Customer Data is physically provided to Google, or entered by Customer or
            Google into the Systems. Customer is solely responsible for backing up its Customer
            Data. Google will not bear any risk of loss for any data.
            
c. Customer Rights in Customer Data. Customer is solely
            responsible for having, or obtaining, any necessary rights, licenses, or authorizations
            necessary for Customer to provide the Customer Data to Google, and for Google to use
            the Customer Data as stated in this Agreement to provide the Services to Customer.
            Customer is solely responsible for determining the scope of its notification
            obligations to Customer Data and any other persons whose tracked data and other
            information is included in Customer Data.
            
d. Customer Data Transfer. As part of providing the Service,
            Google may store, process, and serve Customer Data in the United States or any other
            country in which Google or its agents maintain facilities. By using the Services,
            Customer consents to this transfer, processing and storage of Customer Data.
            
          2. Technical Support Services.
        
            2.1 Technical Support Service (TSS). Subject to Customer's payment of
            all due and payable Fees and its compliance with this Agreement and its applicable
            Addendum's terms, Google will provide TSS for Products and Services in accordance with
            the applicable TSSG for the term agreed in an Ordering Document. Unless otherwise
            agreed in writing, to receive TSS Customer must provide Google with reasonable access
            to the Products and Services. Customer's failure to provide access will be at
            Customer's own risk. If the Ordering Document does not identify a support level, then
            Google will provide standard or Basic TSS as defined in the TSSG. Google may, from time
            to time, change the TSS.
          
            2.2 Updates. TSS includes Updates, to the extent available, to the
            given Product or Service. Customer will only receive Updates if Customer is receiving
            TSS. Customer's access to and use of TSS is subject to this Agreement's terms, the
            applicable Addendum and the Ordering Document. Customer will implement Updates in
            accordance with the Technical Support Service Guidelines ("TSSG"). Customer may, if
            possible, make an Update copy to facilitate installation and will destroy the copy
            after use.
          
          3. Term and Termination.
        
            3.1 Agreement Term. Subject to Customer's payment of all due and
            payable Fees and compliance with this Agreement's terms, the Agreement begins on the
            Effective Date and will continue until the end of the last Addendum term(s) unless
            terminated earlier as set forth below ("Initial Term"). An Addendum's term is set forth
            in the respective Addendum.
          
            3.2 Auto-Renewal. At the end of the Initial Term, and unless otherwise
            indicated in an Addendum, the Agreement will automatically renew for consecutive twelve
            month renewal terms. If a party does not want the Agreement to automatically renew,
            then it must provide the other party a written termination notice at least 15 days
            prior to the then current term's expiration date. A party's timely non-renewal notice
            will be effective upon the then current term's expiration. Google will invoice
            Customer, and Customer agrees to pay, for the renewal of Products and Services as set
            forth in the applicable Ordering Document. An Addendum's renewal term, if any, will be
            set forth in the respective Addendum.
          
            3.3 Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement
            or an Addendum if: (a) the other party is in material breach of the Agreement or an
            Addendum and fails to cure that breach within 30 days after receipt of written notice;
            (b) the other party ceases its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency
            proceedings and the proceedings are not dismissed within 90 days; or (c) the other
            party materially breaches this Agreement or an Addendum more than two times
            notwithstanding any cure of these breaches.
          
            3.4 Effect of Termination.
a. Termination for Google's Breach.
            
                  (i) Agreement Termination. If the Agreement is terminated for
                  Google's breach, the rights granted hereunder may, at Customer's option, continue
                  for the remainder of all then effective Addendum(s)'s term(s), subject to
                  Customer's continued compliance with this Agreement and the corresponding
                  Addendum(s). If Customer elects not to continue under the Agreement, then the
                  Agreement and all accompanying then-effective Addendum(s) will terminate.
                  Customer must make its election to proceed or not proceed under the Agreement
                  upon the Customer's declaration of Google's Agreement breach. If Customer elects
                  to continue the Agreement it further commits to continue all Addendum(s).
                
                  (ii) Addendum Termination. If an Addendum is terminated for
                  Google's breach, the rights granted under the Addendum may, at Customer's option,
                  continue for the remainder of the breached Addendum's term, subject to Customer's
                  continued compliance with this Agreement and the continued Addendum. If Customer
                  elects not to continue to under the breached Addendum, then the Addendum will
                  terminate. Customer must make its election to proceed or not proceed under the
                  Agreement upon the Customer's declaration of Google's Addendum breach.
                
b. Termination for Customer's Breach. If the Agreement or an
            Addendum is terminated for Customer's breach then: (i) the License Term and all other
            rights and licenses granted by Google to Customer under the Agreement and its
            Addendum(s) for the Products and Services will cease immediately and (ii) all payments
            owed by Customer to Google are immediately due and payable.
            
            3.5 Effect of Expiration. If the Agreement expires, the Addendum(s)
            does not expire until the expiration of its respective term(s). If an Addendum survives
            Agreement termination or expiration, the Agreement will remain in effect with respect
            to that Addendum until the Addendum expires. If an Addendum expires the Agreement will
            stay in effect and any other Addendum in Effect with stay in effect unless otherwise
            provided.
          
          4. Orders and Payment.
        
            4.1 Purchase Process. Google will provide Customer an Ordering
            Document for each transaction to confirm the acquired Products and Services and their
            respective quantities and Fees. The Ordering Document is incorporated into and governed
            by this Agreement.
          
            4.2 Payment. All Fees are due 30 days from the invoice date.
            Customer's obligation to pay Fees is non-cancellable. All payments due are in U.S.
            dollars. Payments made via wire transfer must include the following instructions:
          
            Wells Fargo Bank
            Palo Alto, California USA
            ABA# 121000248
            Google Inc.
            Account # 4375669785
            4.3 Taxes. Customer is responsible for any applicable Taxes without
            reduction. If Google is obligated to collect or pay Taxes, the Taxes will be invoiced
            to Customer, unless Customer provides Google with a valid tax exemption certificate. If
            Customer is required by law to withhold any Taxes from its payments to Google, Customer
            must provide Google with an official tax receipt or other appropriate documentation to
            support this withholding.
          
            4.4 Invoice Disputes. Any invoice disputes must be submitted prior to
            the invoice due date. If the parties determine that certain billing inaccuracies are
            attributable to Google, Google will not issue a corrected invoice, but will instead
            issue a credit memo specifying the incorrect amount in the affected invoice. If the
            disputed invoice has not yet been paid, Google will apply the credit memo amount to the
            disputed invoice and Customer will be responsible for paying the resulting net balance
            due on that invoice.
          
            4.5 Delinquent Payments. Delinquent payments may bear interest at the
            rate of one-and-one-half percent per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if
            less) from the payment due date until paid in full. Customer will be responsible for
            all reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by Google in collecting
            delinquent amounts, except where these delinquent amounts are due to Google's billing
            inaccuracies.
          
            4.6 Purchases and Orders.
          
a. Orders. Product and Service order requirements will be set
            forth in this Agreement and each accompanying Addendum.
            
b. Purchase Orders. If Customer’s Ordering Document is a quote,
            then a Purchase Order is required. If Customer’s Ordering Document is an order form,
            and Customer wants a Purchase Order number on its invoice, Customer will inform Google
            and will issue a Purchase Order number to Google. If Customer requires a Purchase
            Order, and fails to provide the Purchase Order number to Google, then Google will not
            be obligated to provide the Products and Services until Google receives the Purchase
            Order. Any terms and conditions on a Purchase Order do not apply to this Agreement or
            any Addendum and are null and void.
            
c. Delivery. The Products and Services will not be made available
            until Google receives either: (i) a complete and duly executed Purchase Order
            referencing a quote and this Agreement; or (ii) a complete and duly executed order
            form.
            
            4.7 Serving Quota. Customer may not exceed Serving Quota. In order for
            the Products and Services to continue functioning in excess of the Serving Quota,
            Customer must enter into a new Ordering Document for the additional Products and
            Services.
          
          5. Intellectual Property Rights Ownership and Publicity.
        
            5.1 Intellectual Property Rights Generally. Except as expressly in
            this Agreement or in an Addendum, this Agreement does not grant either party any
            rights, implied or otherwise, to the other’s content or any of the other’s Intellectual
            Property Rights. Intellectual Property Rights in and to the content accessed through
            the Products and Services are the property of the applicable content owner and may be
            protected by applicable laws.
          
            5.2 Brand Features. If, to the extent possible, Customer wants to
            display Google Brand Features in connection with its use of the Products and Services,
            Customer will comply with the Trademark Guidelines. Customer will not alter any Google
            Content generated by the Products or Services to remove any Brand Feature or
            proprietary notice of Google or its licensors. Any use of a party’s Brand Features will
            inure to the benefit of the party holding rights in those Brand Features. Each party
            agrees not to: (a) challenge or assist others to challenge the other party’s Brand
            Features or registration thereof (except to protect that party’s rights with respect to
            its own Brand Features) or (b) attempt to register any Brand Features that are
            confusingly similar to those of the other party.
          
            5.3 Publicity. Customer agrees that Google may include Customer’s name
            or Brand Features in a list of Google customers, whether online or in offline
            promotional materials. Customer also agrees that Google may verbally reference Customer
            as Google client.
          
          6. Export Compliance.
        
            Customer will comply with and will obtain all required authorizations from applicable
            government authorities under all applicable export and reexport control laws and
            regulations with respect to its Product and Services use, including the Export
            Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade
            and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets
            Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the
            Department of State. This section will survive Agreement termination or expiration.
          
          7. Confidentiality.
        
            7.1 Obligations. Each party will: (a) protect the other party’s
            Confidential Information with the same standard of care it uses to protect its own
            Confidential Information, but in no event less than reasonable care; and (b) not
            disclose the Confidential Information, except to Affiliates, employees and agents who
            need to know it and who have agreed in writing to keep it confidential. Each party (and
            any Affiliates, employees and agents to whom it has disclosed Confidential Information)
            may use Confidential Information only to exercise rights and fulfill obligations under
            this Agreement, while using reasonable care to protect it. Each party is responsible
            for any actions of its Affiliates, employees and agents in violation of this section.
            Either party may demand the return of Confidential Information at any time upon written
            notice to the other party.
          
            7.2 Exceptions. Confidential Information does not include information
            that: (a) the recipient already knew; (b) becomes public through no fault of the
            recipient; (c) was independently developed by the recipient; or (d) was rightfully
            given to the recipient by another party.
          
            7.3 Required Disclosure. The recipient may disclose Confidential
            Information when required by law after giving reasonable notice to the discloser if
            allowed by law.
          
            7.4 Services Confidentiality. The Service functionality and pricing is
            Google’s Confidential Information.
          
          8. Warranty Disclaimer.
        
            EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN AN ADDENDUM, AND TO THE MAXIMUM
            EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE, ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR SUPPLIERS DO NOT
            MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
            INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
            USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. GOOGLE, ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR SUPPLIERS, DO NOT WARRANT
            THAT THE OPERATION OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED AND ERROR FREE.
            THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED OR MANUFACTURED FOR HIGH RISK
            ACTIVITIES.
          
          9. Limitation of Liability.
        
            9.1 Limitation on Indirect Liability. NEITHER PARTY, NOR ITS LICENSORS
            OR SUPPLIERS, WILL, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BE LIABLE UNDER THIS
            AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUES, EXPENSES OR LOSSES OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
            CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE
            KNOWN THAT THESE DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT SATISFY A
            REMEDY.
          
            9.2 Limitation on Amount of Liability. NEITHER PARTY, NOR ITS
            LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, MAY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BE HELD LIABLE
            UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER TO GOOGLE
            DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
          
            9.3 Exceptions to Limitations. These limitations of liability do not
            apply to breaches of confidentiality obligations or violations of a party’s
            Intellectual Property Rights by the other party.
          
          10. Indemnification.
        
            10.1 By Google. Google will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
            Customer from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement
            costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of a third party claim that the
            Products or the technology used to provide the Services infringes or mis-appropriates
            any patent, copyright, trade secret or trademark of that third party.
          
            10.2 Exceptions. The obligations set forth in Section 10.1 do not
            apply if the third party claim is caused by, or results from: (a) Customer’s
            combination or use of the Products and Services with software, services, or products
            developed by Customer or third parties, if the claim would have been avoided by the
            non-combined or independent use of the Products and Services; (b) modification of the
            Products or Services, by anyone other than Google if the third party claim would have
            been avoided by use of the unmodified Products or Service; (c) Customer’s continued
            allegedly infringing activity after being notified thereof or after being provided
            modifications that would have avoided the alleged infringement; (d) Customer’s use of
            the Products or Services in a manner not in accordance with this Agreement, an Addendum
            or the Documentation; or (e) use of other than Google’s most current release of the
            Products or Services if the third party claim would have been avoided by use of the
            most current release.
          
            10.3 By Customer. Unless prohibited by applicable law and without
            waiving sovereign immunity, Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Google
            from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, expenses and costs (including
            settlement costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of (a) a third party claim
            made against Google for infringement of the third party rights listed in Section 10.1
            based on conduct by Customer as described in Section 10.2; (b) Customer’s breach of
            Section 6 (Export Compliance); or (c) Customer’s use of the Software or Services in
            violation of an End User’s privacy.
          
            10.4 Infringement Remedies. If Google reasonably believes the Products
            or Services infringes a third party’s Intellectual Property Rights, then Google will:
            (a) procure for Customer the right to continue to use the Products or Services; (b)
            replace the infringing Products or Services; or (c) modify the infringing Products or
            Services to avoid the alleged infringement. If Google determines the options in this
            Section are not commercially reasonable, Google may terminate the license for the
            allegedly infringing Products or Services and will provide a pro-rata refund of the
            paid but unearned Fees applicable to the period following the Products or Services
            termination.
          
            10.5 General. The party seeking indemnification must promptly notify
            the other party of the claim and cooperate with the other party in defending the claim.
            The indemnification in Sections 10.1 and 10.2 is limited to the payment by the
            indemnifying party of all damages and costs finally awarded for the claim, or
            settlement costs approved in writing by the indemnifying party. The indemnifying party
            has full control and authority over the defense, except that: (a) any settlement
            requiring the party seeking indemnification to admit liability or to pay any money will
            require that party’s prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or
            delayed; and (b) the other party may join in the defense with its own counsel at its
            own expense. THE INDEMNITIES ABOVE ARE A PARTY’S ONLY REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR
            VIOLATION BY THE OTHER PARTY OF A THIRD PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
          
          11. Verification and Audit.
        
            At Google’s written request, not more than once per calendar year, Customer will
            provide Google with a certification signed by a Customer officer verifying the Products
            or Services are being used in compliance with this Agreement. Furthermore, Google will
            have the right, no more than once per calendar year, and upon at least 30 days prior
            written notice, to appoint a nationally recognized certified public accountant or
            independent auditor to examine and verify Customer’s Agreement compliance. Audits will
            be conducted during regular business hours at Customer’s facilities and will not
            unreasonably interfere with Customer’s business activities. Customer will provide
            Google with reasonable access to the relevant Customer records and facilities. If an
            audit reveals that Customer has underpaid fees to Google during the period audited,
            then Google will invoice Customer, and Customer will promptly pay Google, for the
            underpaid fees based on the higher of the price specified in this Agreement or Google’s
            price list in effect at the time the audit is completed. If the underpaid fees exceed
            five percent of the license fees paid by Customer for the Products or Services during
            the preceding six-month period, then Customer will also pay Google’s reasonable audit
            costs.
          
          12. Miscellaneous.
        
            12.1 Notices. All notices of termination or breach must be in writing
            and addressed to the attention of the other party’s legal department and primary point
            of contact. The email address for notices being sent to Google’s Legal Department is
            legal-notices@google.com. All other notices must be in English, in writing and
            addressed to the other party’s primary contact. Notice will be treated as given on
            receipt, as verified by written or automated receipt or by electronic log (as
            applicable).
          
            12.2 Integration. This Agreement and its accompanying Addendum(s) and
            Ordering Documents are the parties’ entire agreement relating to its subject and
            supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements on that subject. The terms located
            at a URL and referenced in this Agreement or any Addendum are hereby incorporated by
            this reference. If there is a conflict between the documents that make up this
            Agreement, the documents will control in the following order: the Ordering Document,
            the Agreement, the Addendum(s) and the terms located at any URL.
          
            12.3 Amendment. Any amendments to this Agreement must be in writing
            and expressly state that is amending this Agreement.
          
            12.4 Assignment. Neither party may assign any part of this Agreement
            or and Addendum without the written consent of the other, except to an Affiliate where:
            (a) the assignee has agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement; (b)
            the assigning party remains liable for obligations under the Agreement if the assignee
            defaults on them; and (c) the assigning party has notified the other party of the
            assignment. Any other attempt to assign is void.
          
            12.5 Change of Control. Upon a change of Control (for example, through
            a stock purchase or sale, merger, or other form of corporate transaction) other than in
            the context of an internal restructuring or reorganization of it Affiliates: (a) that
            party will provide written notice to the other party within thirty days after the
            change of Control; and (b) the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement any
            time between the change of Control and thirty days after it receives the written
            notice. "Control" means control over greater than fifty percent of the voting rights or
            equity interests of a party.
          
            12.6 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure or delay
            in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
          
            12.7 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by California law,
            excluding that state’s choice of law rules. FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
            TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE
            VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.
          
            12.8 No Agency. This Agreement does not create an agency, partnership
            or joint venture between the parties.
          
            12.9 Additional Terms. Neither party will be treated as having waived
            any rights by not exercising (or delaying the exercise of) any rights under this
            Agreement. IIf any term (or part of a term) of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
            unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will remain in effect. There are no
            third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement will limit
            either party’s ability to seek equitable relief. Those provisions that by their nature
            should survive termination of this Agreement, will survive termination of this
            Agreement. Customer may not subcontract any of its obligations under this Agreement
            without Google’s written consent. If such permission is granted, Customer will remain
            liable for all subcontracted obligations and all acts or omissions of its
            subcontractors.
          
            12.10 Counterparts. The parties may execute this Agreement in
            counterparts, including facsimile, PDF, and other electronic copies, which taken
            together will constitute one instrument.
          
            12.11 Acceptable Use Policy. Customer will use all Products and
            Services in compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy.
          
            12.12 Services Modifications. To the extent to which an Addendum
            includes Services, Google may make commercially reasonable changes to the Services from
            time to time. If Google makes a material change to the Services, Google will inform
            Customer either via a TSS portal or using the email address Customer has provided to
            Google in order to be notified of such changes.
          
            12.13 URL Modifications. Subject to the applicable Product and
            Services deprecation policy (if any), Google may make commercially reasonable changes
            to the URL Terms from time to time. If Google makes a material change to the Services,
            Google will inform Customer either via a TSS portal or using the email address Customer
            has provided to Google in order to be notified of such changes. If Google makes a
            material change to the URL Terms (except TSS terms) and Customer demonstrates that the
            change has a material adverse impact on Customer, Customer may notify Google within 30
            days of the change and remain subject to the noticed URL Terms (except if the URL was
            changed to reflect applicable law or a court order). If the License Term is
            subsequently renewed, it will renew under all the updated URL Terms.
          
            12.14 Other Applicable Terms and Conditions. Customer will only use
            the Services and Software in compliance with the Agreement and its applicable
            Addendum(s), the Legal Notices, the applicable Documentation, the Acceptable Use Policy
            and the Ordering Document. Customer may only use the Services in accordance with the
            SKUs specified in the applicable Ordering Document.
          
            12.15 Google Content Terms. If Customer receives Google Content, then
            Customer must not obscure, alter, or remove any included terms or the applicable Legal
            Notices. If Google Content includes static maps or HTTP services, Customer must
            incorporate a link to the Earth Terms and Legal Notices in a license agreement
            governing End Users’ use. Customer must notify Google if Customer becomes aware of any
            End User’s non-compliance with the Earth Terms, Legal Notices, or the AUP. "Earth
            Terms" mean the terms for Google Earth set forth at the following URL, maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html or
            other such URL as Google may provide.
          
            12.16 Government Purposes. The Products or Services were developed
            solely at private expense and is commercial computer software and related documentation
            within the meaning of the applicable U.S. civilian and military Federal acquisition
            regulations and any supplements thereto. If the user of the Products or Services is an
            agency, department, employee, or other entity of the United States Government, under
            FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202, the use, duplication, reproduction, release,
            modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Products or Services, including technical
            data or manuals, is governed by this Agreement, which is Google’s standard commercial
            license agreement.
          
          13. Definitions.
        
            The Agreement definitions are used in the Agreement and one or more applicable
            Addendum(s).
          
            "Addendum" means a document entered into by both parties to an Agreement that is
            incorporated into the Agreement and describes the specific terms and conditions
            applicable to the Addendum’s Products and Services.
          
            "Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or
            is under common control with that party.
          
            "Brand Features" means the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names,
            and other distinctive brand features of each party or its respective Affiliates,
            respectively, as secured thereby from time to time.
          
            "Confidential Information" means information that one party (or an Affiliate) discloses
            to the other party under this Agreement, and which is marked as confidential or would
            normally under the circumstances be considered confidential information. It does not
            include information that the recipient already knew, that becomes public through no
            fault of the recipient, that was independently developed by the recipient, or that was
            lawfully given to the recipient by a third party.
          
            "Customer Data" means the data (including data owned by third-parties that is in
            Customer’s possession) Customer loads, or which is loaded on Customer’s behalf, into
            the Systems. Customer Data must be owned or licensed by Customer. The Documentation
            contains information on the types and formats of Customer Data that may be entered into
            the Systems.
          
            "Documentation" means the Google proprietary documentation in the form generally made
            available by Google to its customers for use with the Products or Services as set forth
            in the applicable Product’s or Service’s Addendum.
          
            "Effective Date" means the date this Agreement or any accompanying Addendum is entered
            into by Google.
          
            "End Users" mean the individual human end users who use Products and Services, subject
            to the requirements of this Agreement, any applicable Addendum and the Documentation.
          
            "Fees" means the Agreement’s applicable Product and Services fees and applicable Taxes
            as set forth in an Ordering Document.
          
            "Google Content" means any content provided through the Products and Services (whether
            created by Google or its third party licensors) as further defined in each applicable
            Addendum.
          
            "High Risk Activities" means uses like the operation of emergency services, nuclear
            facilities, air traffic control or life support systems, where the use or failure of
            the Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage.
          
            "Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future worldwide rights under patent
            law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, moral rights law, and other
            similar rights.
          
            "Legal Notices" mean the legal notices set forth at the following URL: http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html
            (or such other URL as may be provided or updated by Google).
          
            "License Term" means the period of time during which Customer is authorized to use the
            Products and Services under the Agreement or an applicable Addendum, and will be
            further described in the said Addendum and any applicable Ordering Document.
          
            "Maps" means the maps created by Customer processing Customer Data and, if applicable,
            Google Content, using the Services. The different types of Maps are described in the
            Documentation.
          
            "Ordering Document" means either an order form or quote, issued by Google to provide
            the Products and Services to Customer, subject to this Agreement and the applicable
            Addendum. The Ordering Document will incorporate this Agreement and will contain: (i) a
            SKU (including the License Term, if applicable); (ii) a description of the licensed
            configuration; (iii) price; and (iv) other information as provided on the form.
          
            "Overage" means when Customer’s use of the Services exceeds a particular Usage Limit.
          
            "Overage SKU" means a Google SKU that lists the price Customer will pay for its use of
            the Services in excess of a particular Quota.
          
            "Privacy Policy" means the Google privacy policy set forth at the following URL
            www.google.com/policies (or such other URL as
            may be updated by Google) or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
            "Products" means the Google products (excluding Google Content) as set forth in this
            Agreement and any accompanying Addendum. The term "Product" may have an additional more
            detailed supplementary definition in an Addendum.
          
            "Prohibited Territory": means the list of countries where Customer may not use or
            actively target Product, Software or Service received under the Agreement and this
            Addendum that is located at the following URL: www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_prohibited_territory.html
            (or such other URL as may be provided or updated by Google).
          
            "Purchase Order" means a Customer issued purchase order.
          
            "Services" means the Google services as set forth in this Agreement and any
            accompanying Addendum. The term "Service" may have an additional more detailed
            supplementary definition in each respective Addendum and the Documentation accompanying
            the Service.
          
            "Service Level Agreement" or "SLA" means the Google Service Level Agreement, if any,
            for the Products and Services described in this Agreement and any accompanying
            Addendum.
          
            "Software" means the Google proprietary software, in object code form, or related
            technologies provided by Google to Customer pursuant to an Ordering Document and as
            further provided in each applicable Addendum and the Software’s accompanying
            Documentation.
          
            "Systems" means the Google computer, processing, and network systems used to provide
            the Services to Customer.
          
            "Taxes" means any duties, customs fees, or taxes (other than Google’s income tax)
            associated with Product and Services transactions, including any related penalties or
            interest.
          
            "Trademark Guidelines" means Google’s Guidelines for Third Party Use of Google Brand
            Features, located at the following URL: www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html
            (or other URL as may be provided or updated by Google).
          
            "TSS" means the technical support services provided by Google, in accordance with
            Google’s TSSG, for the applicable Products or Services, and for a mutually agreed (in
            writing) time period.
          
            "TSSG" means Google’s then current Product or Service specific Technical Support
            Services Guidelines, which may be may be accessed at the URL set out in each respective
            Addendum (or other URL as may be provided or updated by Google).
          
            "Updates" is defined in the TSSG.
          
            "URL Terms" are those uniform resource locator addresses as identified by Google in the
            Agreement or any Addendum that refer to Google policies, services descriptions of other
            Product and Services related terms.
          
          Google Maps Engine Terms of Service Addendum
        
          1. Integration into Agreement.
        
          This Addendum provides for the licensing of Google Maps Engine products and related
          services. This Addendum is incorporated into the Agreement by this reference. Capitalized
          terms not defined in this Addendum will have the meaning ascribed to them in the
          Agreement. This Addendum is Effective upon the Effective Date.
        
          2. Services.
        
            2.1 Generally. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the Agreement and
            this Addendum’s terms, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all Fees, Google
            will provide the Services to Customer during the License Term. Customer agrees not to
            use Products and Services in the Prohibited Territory.
          
            2.2 Licenses from Google to Customer.
          
a. To use the Software. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the
            Agreement and this Addendum’s terms, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all
            Fees, Google grants to Customer and Customer agrees to comply with a non-sublicensable,
            non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to use the Software during
            the License Term to access the Services.
            
b. To use Google Content. Subject to Customer’s compliance with
            the Agreement and this Addendum, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all
            Fees, Google grants to Customer a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive,
            terminable, limited license to access the Google Content via the Services during the
            License Term for purposes as described in the Documentation.
            
            2.3 License from Customer to Google. By entering Customer Data into
            the Systems, or if Google enters Customer Data into the Systems on Customer’s behalf,
            Customer grants to Google a limited, irrevocable, royalty-free, and non-exclusive
            license during the License Term, to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publicly
            perform, publicly display and distribute the Customer Data solely as required to enable
            Google to provide the Services to Customer.
          
            2.4 Warranties. Each party represents that it has the rights, power
            and authority necessary to enter into this Agreement. Google warrants that it will
            provide the Services in accordance with the Service Level Agreement.
          
          3. Customer Obligations.
        
            3.1 Services Administration/Use.
          
a. Generally. Customer will use and/or administer the Service in
            accordance with the Documentation. Customer is responsible for maintaining the
            confidentiality of the password and admin account (when applicable).
            
b. Access and Use Rights. Customer may specify particular rights
            regarding the access, viewing, editing, or consuming of its Maps to a specific set of
            End Users and Administrators. Administrators will have the ability to determine who are
            Administrators and End Users and Customer is solely responsible for any subsequent
            liability.
            
            3.2 Unauthorized Use. Customer will use all commercially reasonable
            efforts to prevent unauthorized use of the Service, and to terminate any unauthorized
            use. Customer will promptly notify Google of any unauthorized use of, or access to, the
            Services of which it becomes aware.
          
            3.3 Third Party Removal Requests. Customer is solely responsible for
            responding to third party complaints regarding, or third party requests to remove,
            Customer Data. If received by Google, Google will forward these complaints or requests
            to Customer for resolution.
          
          4. Quota and Renewal Terms.
        
            4.1 Quota. The Services will cease functioning if Customer exceeds the
            Quota. In order for the Services to continue functioning in excess of the Quota,
            Customer must enter into a new Ordering Document that contains an Overage SKU. Google
            will then invoice Customer, and Customer agrees to pay for the Quota as set forth in
            the Ordering Document.
          
            4.2 Renewal. Upon each auto-renewal pursuant to Section 6.2: (a)
            Serving Quota will be reset to zero; (b) Customer’s Infrastructure Capacity will not
            reset, but will carry over to the next renewal term; (c) the total number of Seats will
            carry over to the next renewal term; (d) Google will invoice Customer, and (e) Customer
            agrees to pay, for the renewal of the Services as set forth in the applicable Ordering
            Document.
          
          5. Restrictions.
        
            5.1 General. Customer will not, and will not allow others to: (a)
            except as provided by the Services, use Google Content in any manner outside of the
            Services; (b) use, resell, or distribute, any Google Content (including Offline Maps)
            outside of the Maps; (c) incorporate or embed Google Content or components of the
            Services into any of Customer’s products or services that it sells to third parties;
            (d) offer the Services, or any Customer products, services, or solutions based upon the
            Services, to End Users directly or embedded in another such product for a fee; (e)
            trace, reverse engineer or create derivative works from the Google Content; (f) permit
            the sharing of End User accounts between End Users; Or (g) serve Off-line Maps to
            internet connected users.
          
            5.2 Development and Evaluation Accounts. Development and evaluation
            accounts are accounts that may only be used for development, evaluation, educational
            purposes, or some combination thereof. Services from a development and evaluation
            account may be evaluated in a production environment but not for sustained commercial
            purposes. A development and evaluation account is a Services account, with Quota
            defined in the Documentation, and with the License Term specified on the applicable
            Ordering Document or, if a License Term is not specified on the Ordering Document, then
            for a period of twelve months.
          
            5.3 Customer Data and Maps. Except as set forth in the Documentation,
            Google will not provide Customer with a copy of the Customer Data or of any Maps upon
            the conclusion or termination of the Agreement. If Customer wants a copy of its
            Customer Data, Customer must copy the Customer Data prior to entering the Customer
            Data, or having the Customer Data entered, into the Systems.
          
            5.4 Geocode Mass Content Downloads or Bulk Feed Restrictions. Except
            as permitted by the Service in its Documentation, Customer must not use the Service for
            the express purpose of giving itself or any other person access to mass downloads or
            bulk feeds of Geocoded Customer Data. Further, Customer may only display Geocoded
            Customer Data on a Google map (e.g. geocodes obtained through the Service may not be
            displayed except with a Google map). “Geocoded Customer Data” means Customer Data
            (including numerical latitude or longitude coordinates) geocoded with Google Content.
          
          6. Addendum Term and Termination.
        
            6.1 Addendum Term. Subject to Customer’s payment of all due and
            payable Fees and compliance with the Agreement’s terms and this Addendum’s terms, this
            Addendum begins on the Effective Date and will continue for the term as set forth in
            the Ordering Document unless terminated earlier as set forth below ("Initial Addendum
            Term").
          
            6.2 Additional Term and Termination Conditions. All other terms and
            conditions pertaining to Addendum term and termination are set forth in the Agreement.
          
          7. Customer Solution Resale.
        
            If Customer purchases Google Maps Engine OEM SKUs, their use and resale are governed at
            all times by this Agreement and this Section 7.
          
            7.1 License to Provide Access to Maps via Customer Solution. Subject
            to Customer’s compliance with the Agreement, Google grants to Customer, and Customer
            agrees to comply with a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable,
            limited license to enable access to Maps to Subscription End Users via the Customer
            Solution.
          
            7.2 Subscription License. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the
            Agreement, Google grants to Customer and Customer agrees to comply with a
            non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to: (a)
            sell access to Maps made accessible via the Customer Solution on a subscription basis
            to the Subscription End Users; or (b) sell access to Maps on a subscription basis
            directly to the Subscription End Users. Customer is responsible for the Subscription
            End Users’ compliance with the Earth Terms, Legal Notices and the AUP.
          
            7.3 License Restrictions. Other than as stated within the Agreement,
            Customer will not: (a) sell, resell or otherwise distribute Maps; (b) integrate or
            bundle Maps with, or allow access to Maps via, any product or service other than the
            Customer Solution; (c) provide its Maps Engine API IDs to any third party; or (d)
            resell direct access to Customer’s Google Maps Engine account, as opposed to selling
            access to Customer Maps on a subscription basis.
          
            7.4 Marketing. Customer will not engage in any marketing or
            promotional activities involving the Services without Google’s prior written consent.
            Customer will respond to all of Google’s reasonable requests for information with
            respect to how Google Brand Features will be used in the Customer Solution. Customer
            can only actively market the Customer Solution in the Subscription Territory.
          
            7.5 Pricing, Ordering & Reporting. Customer may purchase only
            those SKUS from the Google price list designated as Google Maps Engine OEM SKUs by the
            name and description in the price list, or as specified by the Google sales account
            manager.
          
            7.6 Technical Support Services. Customer is responsible for providing
            all technical support services to its customers for the Customer Solution.
          
            7.7 Government Sales. Google does not accept government flow down
            provisions, including but not limited to, the United States Federal Acquisition
            Regulations (FARs) and its supplements, Defense FARs or NASA FARs. Government flow down
            provisions, if any, will be addressed with supplementary documentation and require
            Google’s signed acceptance of any such supplementary documentation.
          
            7.8 Additional Indemnification. Customer will indemnify, defend, and
            hold harmless Google from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including
            settlement costs and reasonable attorneys’ fess) arising out of: (i) a third party
            claim that the Customer Solution infringes or misappropriates any patent, copyright,
            trade secret, or trademark of a third party, except to the extent such infringement is
            caused solely by the Services; (ii) use of the Customer Solution by any customer or
            Subscription End User; or (iii) a third party claim alleging facts that would
            constitute a breach by Customer of its obligations under this Agreement.
          
            7.9 Additional Termination. Google, in its sole and reasonable
            discretion, may require Customer to cease distributing or selling the Customer
            Solution, on thirty days written notice, if the Customer Solution is alleged or
            believed by Google to infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party.
          
            7.10 Customer Solution Specific Definitions.
          
a. "Customer Solution" means the Customer software created and
            sold by the Customer which: (a) is sold as a commercial product; (b) allows access to
            Customer Maps on a subscription basis; and (c) has material value independent from the
            Services. The Customer Solution is sold commercially under the title: To be Provided to
            Google.
            
b. "Design" means the detailed design documentation regarding the
            system architecture related to, and the user interface offered as a part of, the
            Customer Solution.
            
c. "Subscription End Users" mean those End Users to whom Customer
            sells access to Customer Maps, either directly or via the Customer Solution, on a
            subscription basis.
            
d. "Subscription Territory" means the countries listed at the
            following URL: sites.google.com/a/gepportal.com/maps/oem-sales-regions
            (or other such URL as may be provided by Google).
            
          8. Technical Support Services.
        
          Technical support services for the Products and Services provided in this Addendum are
          set forth in the TSSG.
        
          9. Deprecation.
        
          The Products and Services are subject to Google’s Service deprecation terms which are
          available at: www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/deprecation.html.
        
          10. Definitions
        
            "Acceptable Use Policy" or "AUP" means the means the acceptable use policy for the
            Services available at the following URL: www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/universal_aup.html
            or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
            "Administrator(s)" mean those Customer users under this Addendum with full Product and
            Service access rights.
          
            "Infrastructure Capacity" means the amount of infrastructure for hosting Customer Data
            as defined in the Documentation and specified in an Ordering Document.
          
            "Offline Maps" means the Maps customer downloads for use in offline and disconnected
            environments.
          
            "Quota” means number of Seats, Serving Quota and Infrastructure Capacity as defined in
            the Documentation and specified in an Ordering Document.
          
            "Seat" means an individual Service use license assigned to an End User.
          
            "Service Level Agreement" means, for the purposes of this Addendum, the Google Maps
            Engine Service Level Agreement available at the following URL: www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/gme_sla.html
            (or other such URL as provided or updated Google.)
          
            “Serving Quota” means the limits for use of the Products and Services, which will be as
            listed on the Ordering Document or as provided to Customer with the Documentation.
          
            "TSSG" means Google’s then current Technical Support Services Guidelines, which may be
            may be accessed at the following URL: www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/gme_tssg.html
            (or other URL as may be provided or updated by Google).
          
            "URL Terms" for the purposes of this Addendum means the following URL terms: AUP, SLA,
            and the TSSG.
          
The Google Maps Coordinate Terms of Service Addendum applies to customer's use of
          Google Maps Coordinate functionality.
Google Coordinate Terms of Service Addendum
          1. Agreement Integration. This Addendum provides for the licensing of
          Google products and related services. This Addendum is incorporated into the Agreement by
          this reference. Capitalized terms not defined in this Addendum will have the meaning
          ascribed to them in the Agreement.
        
          2. Services.
            2.1 Generally. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the Agreement and
            this Addendum’s terms, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all Fees, Google
            will provide the Services to Customer in the Territory during this Addendum’s License
            Term. Google will provide Customer with one or more accounts for use in accessing and
            administering the Service and other relevant Service features, as applicable. Customer
            Agrees not to use the Service in the Prohibited Territory.
          
            2.2 Licenses from Google to Customer.
              a. Software License. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the Agreement and this
              Addendum’s terms, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all Fees, Google
              grants to Customer, and Customer agrees to comply with, a non-sublicensable,
              non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to use the Software in
              the Territory during the License Term to use the Services.
            
              b. Google Content. Subject to Customer’s compliance with the Agreement and this
              Addendum’s terms, and in consideration of Customer’s payment of all Fees, Google
              grants to Customer, and Customer agrees to comply with, a non-sublicensable,
              non-transferable, non-exclusive, terminable, limited license to access the Google
              Content via the Services and Software in the Territory during the License Term to
              coordinate users, manage jobs and analyze user location history via the Services.
            
            2.3 Customer Data License from Customer to Google. If Customer enters
            Customer Data into the Systems, or has Google enter Customer Data into the Systems on
            Customer’s behalf, Google requires a license to that Customer Data so it can process
            the data and provide the Services to Customer. Therefore, by entering Customer Data
            into the Systems, or if Google enters Customer Data into the Systems on Customer’s
            behalf, Customer grants to Google a limited, irrevocable, royalty-free, and
            non-exclusive license, in the Territory, during the License Term, to reproduce, adapt,
            modify, translate, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute the Customer Data
            solely to enable Google to provide the Services to Customer.
          
            2.4 Customer Data
              a. Services Use. Customer may upload Customer Data into the Systems via the methods
              described in, and this Customer Data will be stored in accordance with, the
              Documentation.
            
              b. Risk of Loss. Customer Data will not be returned to Customer, whether the Customer
              Data is physically provided to Google, or entered by Customer or Google into the
              Systems. Customer is solely responsible for backing up its Customer Data. Google will
              not bear any risk of loss for any data.
            
              c. Customer Rights in Customer Data. Customer is solely responsible for having, or
              obtaining, any necessary rights, licenses, or authorizations necessary for Customer
              to provide the Customer Data to Google, and for Google to use the Customer Data as
              stated in this Agreement to provide the Services to Customer. Customer is solely
              responsible for determining the scope of its notification obligations to Customer
              Assets and any other persons whose tracked data and other information is included in
              Customer Data.
            
              d. Customer Data Transfer. As part of providing the Service, Google may store,
              process, and serve Customer Data in the United States or any other country in which
              Google or its agents maintain facilities. By using the Services, Customer consents to
              this transfer, processing and storage of Customer Data.
            
              e. Data Protection. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Google is a data processor
              with respect to any personal data which is contained within the Customer Data
              provided to Google. Customer further acknowledges that it may choose to have personal
              data relating to its employees/end users/other third party processed by Google under
              this Agreement as Customer Data within the scope of the Product's capabilities, which
              are reflected in the Google Privacy Policy. Customer therefore instructs Google to
              provide the Products and process personal data in accordance with the Google Privacy
              Policy and Google agrees to do the same. Customer acknowledges that for these
              purposes providing the Products includes developing and providing updates and
              improvements to the Products over time. The Google Privacy Policy is hereby
              incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Customer provides Google with all
              Customer Data at Customer’s sole risk and expense. Customer is solely responsible for
              management of Customer Data including, without limitation, responding to inquiries
              from data subjects, law enforcement agencies or other third parties seeking access to
              the Customer Data. If a data subject’s consent is required to enable Customer to
              provide Customer Data to Google, Customer will secure all such consents in accordance
              with applicable law and in a timely manner before providing such Customer Data to
              Google. Customer will maintain a privacy policy of its own in respect of the Customer
              Data that is in accordance with applicable laws and does not conflict with the Google
              Privacy Policy. Customer must maintain its own copy of all Customer Data and Google
              may delete Customer Data from its systems at any time. The terms "personal data",
              "data subject", "processing" and "data processor" will have the meanings ascribed to
              them under applicable European Union directives. Google will take and implement
              appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect such personal data
              against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration,
              unauthorized disclosure or access.
            
            2.5 Warranties. Each party represents that it has the rights, power
            and authority necessary to enter into this Agreement. Google warrants that it will
            provide the Services in accordance with the Service Level Agreement.
          
          3. Customer Obligations.
            3.1 Compliance. Customer will only use the Services and Software in
            compliance with the Agreement and this Addendum, the Legal Notices, the applicable
            Documentation, the Acceptable Use Policy and the Ordering Document. Customer may only
            use the Services in accordance with the SKUs specified in the applicable Ordering
            Document.
          
            3.2 Territory. The Customer entity signing this Agreement must be
            located in the Territory. The Territory is neither a Customer Asset restriction, nor a
            restriction on where Customer may have subsidiaries or Affiliates.
          
            3.3 Services Administration. Customer may specify one or more
            administrators who may access accounts and administer the Services. Customer is
            responsible for: (a) administrator access to Customer Data; (b) maintaining account
            confidentiality; (c) designating those of its personnel who are authorized to access
            Customer accounts; (d) ensuring that all activities that occur in connection with
            Customer accounts comply with the Agreement and this Addendum; and (e) promptly
            notifying Google of any unauthorized use of, or access to, the Services of which it
            becomes aware.
          
            3.4 Unauthorized Use. Customer will use all commercially reasonable
            efforts to prevent unauthorized Service use and to terminate any unauthorized use.
            Customer will promptly notify Google of any unauthorized use of, or access to, the
            Services of which it becomes aware.
          
            3.5 Customer Asset Consent. Administrators may have the ability to
            access, monitor, use, or disclose data regarding Customer Service use. Customer will
            obtain and maintain all required consents from Customer Assets to allow: (i) Customer’s
            access, monitoring, use and disclosure of data pertaining to Customer Asset and Google
            providing Customer with the ability to do so and (ii) Google to provide the Services.
          
            3.6 Removal Requests. Customer is solely responsible for responding to
            Customer Asset requests to remove Customer Data. Customer is also responsible for
            communicating to Customer Assets a process by which these requests can be addressed by
            Customer.
          
          4. Usage Limits and Renewals.
            4.1 Usage Limits. Customer may not exceed Usage Limits. In order for
            the Services to continue functioning in excess of the Usage Limits, Customer must enter
            into a new Ordering Document with additional Services.
          
            4.2 Renewal. Upon each auto-renewal pursuant to Section 6, Google will
            invoice Customer, and Customer agrees to pay, for the renewal of the Services as set
            forth in the applicable Ordering Document.
          
          5. Restrictions.
            5.1 General. Customer will not, and will not allow others to: (a) copy
            the Software; (b) use the Services for High Risk Activities; (c) use the Services to
            create a substantially similar product or service; (d) extract any Google Content to be
            used outside of the Services; (e) use the Services to store or transfer any Customer
            Data that is controlled for export under Export Control Laws; or (f) use the Services
            on behalf of or for the benefit of any entity or person who is prohibited from using
            the Services by the laws or regulations of the United States, including but not limited
            to parties listed on the SDN List.
          
            5.2 Separate Use. Unless Google specifically agrees in writing,
            Customer will not: (a) use, distribute, or sell any Google Content; (b) incorporate or
            embed Google Content or components of the Services into any of Customer’s products or
            services that it sells to third parties; or (c) offer the Services, or any Customer
            products, services, or solutions based upon the Services, on a subscription basis to
            third-parties.
          
            5.3 Third-Party Components. Any third party component embedded,
            included or provided for use with the Software may only be used in conjunction with the
            Software, and this use is subject to this Agreement, this Addendum and the
            Documentation. However, to the extent Software include components governed by open
            source licenses with provisions inconsistent with this Agreement, those components are
            instead governed solely by the applicable open source licenses. To the extent Software
            include components covered by open source licenses requiring the provision of
            corresponding source code for those components, Google hereby offers such source code
            consistent with those licenses.
          
            5.4 Data Accuracy. Google does not warrant Google Content accuracy.
          
            5.5 Software Restrictions. Customer will not (and will not allow any
            third party to): (a) use or reproduce (except as permitted in this Addendum), modify,
            create derivative works, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the
            Software or attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code, underlying ideas,
            algorithms, file formats or programming interfaces of the Software by (except and only
            to the extent that applicable law prohibits or restricts reverse engineering
            restrictions), or incorporate the Software into or with other software; (b) distribute,
            sell, sublicense, rent, lease to third parties or otherwise make the Software
            functionality available to third parties except as set forth herein; or (c) remove or
            in any manner alter any Software identification, proprietary, trademark, copyright or
            other notices.
          
          6. Addendum Term and Termination.
            6.1 Addendum Term. Subject to Customer’s payment of all due and
            payable Fees and compliance with the Agreement’s terms and this Addendum’s terms, this
            Addendum begins on the Effective Date and will continue for the term as set forth in
            the Ordering Document unless terminated earlier as set forth below (“Initial Addendum
            Term”).
          
            6.2 Auto-Renewal. At the end of the Initial Addendum Term, the
            Agreement will automatically renew for consecutive twelve month renewal terms. If a
            party does not want the Addendum to automatically renew, then it must provide the other
            party a written termination notice at least fifteen days prior to the then current
            term’s expiration date. A party’s non-renewal notice will be effective upon the then
            current term’s expiration.
          
            6.3 Additional Term and Termination Conditions. All other terms and
            conditions pertaining to Addendum term and termination are set forth in the Agreement.
          
          7. Technical Support Services. Technical support services for the
          Products and Services provided in this Addendum are set forth in the TSSG.
        
          8. Definitions.
“Acceptable Use Policy” or “AUP” means the means the
            acceptable use policy for the Services available at the following URL: http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/coordinate_aup.html
            or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
“Customer Data” means the data Customer loads, or which is loaded on
            Customer’s behalf, into the Systems including, without limitation, data that identifies
            the location and movements of individual Customer Assets and Service usage metrics.
            This data must be owned or licensed by Customer.
          
“Customer Asset” means any (a) employee, agent, consultant, temporary
            employee or other person or (b) Customer asset that Customer tracks with the Services
            and Software.
          
“Google Content” means any content provided by Google to Customer in
            response to Customer’s use of the Software (whether created by Google or its third
            party licensors), and includes, but is not limited to photographic imagery, basemap
            data, and terrain data.
          
“Legal Notices” mean the legal notices set forth at the following URL
            (or such other URL as may be updated by Google) http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html
            or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
“Privacy Policy” means the privacy policy set forth at the following
            URL http://www.google.com/policies (or such
            other URL as may be updated by Google) or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
“Prohibited Territory”: means the list of countries where Customer may
            not use or actively target Product, Software or Service received under the Agreement
            and this Addendum. http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/coordinate_prohibited_territory.html
            (or such other URL as may be updated by Google) or other such URL as Google may
            provide.
          
“Services” means the Google Coordinate services as more fully
            described in the Agreement, this Addendum and the Documentation. The Services include
            access to a mobile application and a web application that enables Customer to view the
            location of Customer Assets, create, manage and assign jobs and analyze Customer Asset
            location history.
          
“Service Level Agreement” means TBD available at the following URL:
            http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/coordinate_sla.html
            or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
“Software” means the object code software provided Customer under the
            Agreement and this Addendum for use by Customer to use the Services.
          
“Support Portal” means the website, provided by Google, through which
            Customer may access information and resources related to the TSSG.
          
“Systems” means the Google computer, processing, and network systems
            used to provide the Services to Customer.
          
“Territory” means the list of countries where Customer use the
            Product, Software or Service received under the Agreement and this Addendum available
            at the following URL http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_territory.html
            or other such URL as Google may provide.
          
“URL Terms” for the purposes of this Addendum means the following
            Privacy Policy, Legal Notices, AUP, SLA, and the TSSG.
          
“Usage Limits” means the limits for use of the Services, which will be
            as listed on the Ordering Document or as provided to Customer with the Documentation.
          
“User Interface” means the web-based UI for use in accessing and using
            the Services.
          
“TSSG” means Google’s then current Technical Support Services
            Guidelines, which may be may be accessed at the following URL: http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/coordinate_tssg.html
            (or other URL as may be provided by Google).
          
