
Frequently Asked Questions  |  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Google Maps APIs
      
    
    
    
        Home
      
        Documentation
      
        Pricing and Plans
      All Products
  
  Sign in
    
    
      Premium Plan
    
    
    
        Overview
      
        Guides
      
        Support
      
        Previous Licenses
      
        Home
      
        Documentation
      
        Overview
      
        Guides
      
        Support
      
        Previous Licenses
      
        All Products
      
        Pricing and Plans
      
        All Products
      
Premium SupportCommunity SupportPremium Plan Terms of UsePreparation and TroubleshootingFAQ for Premium Plan CustomersPre-Launch ChecklistOptimizing Web Service UsageTroubleshooting AuthorizationLicense RenewalsFAQ for License RenewalsSummary of Changes
Premium SupportCommunity SupportPremium Plan Terms of UsePreparation and TroubleshootingFAQ for Premium Plan CustomersPre-Launch ChecklistOptimizing Web Service UsageTroubleshooting AuthorizationLicense RenewalsFAQ for License RenewalsSummary of Changes
    
    
      Products
    
    
    
    
    
      Google Maps APIs
    
    
    
    
    
      Premium Plan
    
    
    
    
    
      Documentation
    
    
    
    
    
      Support
    
    
    
    Frequently Asked Questions
  
This FAQ covers questions specific to
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan.
Please refer to the Google Maps APIs FAQ
  for questions common to all Google Maps APIs.
Getting started
What is the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Which APIs are included in
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
How do I contact technical support for
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
When is technical support available?
How do I reset login credentials for the
      Google Cloud Support Portal?
What are the Terms of Service for the
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Previous Google Maps APIs for Work licenses and renewals
Where can I find information about previous
      Google Maps APIs for Work licenses?
What are the changes with the new
      Premium Plan?
Purchasing the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
Why should I purchase the
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
How do I purchase the
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Do I need a Google Account with the
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Usage limits
How is Google Maps APIs Premium Plan usage
    calculated?
How can I track my app's
    Google Maps APIs Premium Plan usage?
How can I estimate my application's usage of
    Maps APIs Credits?
What happens if I use all of my Maps APIs
    Credits?
Why are Google Places API Details
    requests charged 2 Maps APIs Credits while Place Autocomplete requests are
    charged only 0.1 credits?
Developing your application
Will I be issued both a Google API Console
    project ID and a client ID?
Will the Google API Console project I'm provided
    have all available APIs enabled?
What are the differences between an API key
    and a client ID?
Do I need to use my Google Maps APIs Premium Plan credentials
    in my testing environment?
How do I access premium mobile features with
    the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Is the dynamic library available for Android
    with the
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
How do I access the Google Maps JavaScript API using a
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan client ID, from a page that's loaded over HTTPS
    (SSL)?
How do I load the
    Google Maps JavaScript API over HTTPS (SSL) when using the Common Loader
    base_domain parameter?
KML
How do I render KML files that are hosted on
    intranet sites on a map?
URL signing
Can I sign URLs using JavaScript?
Why am I receiving a HTTP 403 Forbidden
    response to my Maps API web service requests?
Styling
Why aren't businesses showing up on my map?
New API Keys
What are those two new API keys in the console, named “Google Maps [...]: key for gme-[company];[...]”?
Should I modify or delete any of these the keys named “Google Maps [...]: key for gme-[company];[...]” in the API Console?
Which URL verifications are applied to the Maps JavaScript API traffic made with Maps API client IDs?
Which private cryptographic key should I use to sign requests made with a Maps API client ID?
Which quota limits are applied to the usage made with Maps API client IDs?
Can we use these new API keys in our application? What happens if we do use them?
Does it mean that the client ID is deprecated?
Getting started
What is the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
The  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan (the
  Premium Plan) gives you access to our
 suite of services, ensuring you have all the tools you
  need to implement customizable, mobile-ready, scalable maps for your apps and
  sites.
  Which APIs are included in Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
The following Google products are included in
    Google Maps APIs Premium Plan. Applications that use these products
    are covered by the
    
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan SLA, and are eligible for
    technical support:
Google Maps JavaScript API
Google Static Maps API
Google Street View Image API
Google Maps Geocoding API
Google Maps Geolocation API
Google Maps Elevation API
Google Maps Directions API
Google Maps Distance Matrix API
Google Maps Time Zone API
Google Maps Roads API
Google Places API Web Service and
      the Places library of
      the Google Maps JavaScript API *
Google Maps Android API
Google Maps SDK for iOS
* The Google Places API is not included with the
    Premium Plan Asset Tracking license. If you have an Asset Tracking
    license and want to use the Places API, please contact the
     Google Maps Sales team.
The following APIs are not covered by Google Maps APIs Premium Plan.
    Applications that use these APIs must do so in compliance with the
    published Terms of Service for these APIs, and are not covered by the
    Google Maps APIs Premium Plan SLA or eligible for technical support:
Google Maps Android API
      v1 (deprecated)
Google Maps Embed API
Google Places API for Android
Google Places API for iOS
  How do I contact technical support for Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Google Maps APIs Premium Plan customers can open a new support case with
    Google Support using the Google Cloud Support Portal at:
https://google.secure.force.com/
A username and password are required to access the portal. Please
    
      fill out this form if you do not have an account.
For more information, see the guide to
    support and resources.
  When is technical support available?
The Support team is available 24x5 (weekdays from Monday 9 AM Tokyo time to Friday 5 PM
    Pacific time) excluding 
    regional holidays.
For Premium Plan customers with Gold-level support,
    technical support is available 24x7 for 
    critical issues (weekdays and weekends, including
    
    regional holidays).
If you need access to technical support 24x7,
    contact sales
    to learn more about Gold-level support.
For additional details, see the guide to
    support and resources.
  How do I reset login credentials for the Google Cloud Support Portal?
    I forgot my password. This link is also available from the
    Google Cloud Support Portal login
    page.
  What are the Terms of Service for the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
If you are a Google Maps APIs Premium Plan customer, please refer to your
    agreement for the terms that govern your use of the Google Maps APIs.
    For more information, see the
    Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
    terms of use.
Previous Google Maps APIs for Work licenses and
  renewals
  Where can I find information about previous Google Maps APIs for Work licenses?
To determine whether you have a previous Maps APIs for Work license:
    In the Google Cloud Support Portal,
    click Maps: Usage Report on the left. If the ID at the top
    of the report is in the following format, you have the new
    Premium Plan:
    gme-[company] & proj-[number] ([type]).
    Otherwise, you have a previous license. For more information, see the guide
    to Maps APIs for Work
    Licenses.
  What are the changes with the new
  Premium Plan?
See the summary of changes for
  renewal customers and the FAQ for
  license renewals.
Purchasing the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
Why should I purchase the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
You should purchase the Premium Plan if your
  business or organization requires any of the following:
An SLA with 24-hour technical support
Ability to sell a product or service with embedded Google Maps
Ability to use Google Maps APIs for an internal application or website
  
A specific amount of quota
 Ability to use Google Maps APIs for asset tracking applications
Premium features available with your existing Maps APIs for Work
    license
  
How do I purchase the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Contact your Google sales representative for details on purchasing the
  Premium Plan and to receive a price quote based on
  an estimate of your application’s usage.
Do I need a Google Account with the
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Yes, you'll need a Google Account to access the Google Maps APIs available
  on the 
Google API Console.
Usage limits
How is Google Maps APIs Premium Plan usage
  calculated?
Have a previous
  Maps APIs for Work or Maps API for Business license?
  See our Maps APIs for Work
  Licenses guide. To determine whether you have a previous license: In the
  Google Cloud Support Portal,
  click Maps: Usage Report on the left. If the ID at the top of the report
  is in the following format, you have the new Premium Plan:
  gme-[company] & proj-[number] ([type])
  Otherwise, you have a previous license.
With the Google Maps APIs Premium Plan, your application consumes quota at
    different rates, depending on the APIs it requests. You purchase
    quota—called Maps APIs Credits—for one or more years,
    based on an estimate of your application's annual usage. All of your
    application's requests for Maps APIs consume credits from the pool of
    credits you purchased. For example, if your application uses the
    Google Maps JavaScript API to display a map, it consumes credits for
    the Maps JavaScript API
    map loads. If your
    application consumes all of the credits in the pool, you can purchase
    additional credits as needed. For more information, see the guide to
    Premium Plan
    usage rates and limits.
How can I track my app's Google Maps APIs Premium Plan
  usage?
For information on tracking your application's usage of Maps APIs Credits,
    as well as other usage reports and analytics, see the guide to Premium Plan
    reports.
How can I estimate my application's usage of Maps APIs
  Credits?
You can use the
    Google Maps
    APIs
    Premium Calculator to get an estimate of your application's usage.
In addition, you may find the
    credits calculation example
    useful.
What happens if I use all of my Maps APIs Credits?
If you run out of Maps APIs Credits, your application's requests will
    continue to succeed, but your account may be subject to overage fees. In
    this case, you'll need to renew your Google Maps APIs Premium Plan license as
    soon as possible to avoid a suspension of your account. Google will notify
    you via email once you've used up 85% of your quota.
Why are Google Places API Details requests
  charged 2 Maps APIs Credits while Place
  Autocomplete requests are charged only 0.1 credits?
The Google Places API uses an extensive database of business and other
    place data. It takes a lot of time and effort to keep this database
    accurate, as businesses open and close frequently. Therefore, we need to
    charge more for Places Details requests. For Place Autocomplete, we realize
    that users often need to type several characters to find a place, so we are
    charging only a fractional credit for each request.
Developing your application
Will I be issued both a Google API Console project ID
  and a client ID?
Yes, your welcome letter will include your Google API Console project ID
  and your client ID. 
Will the Google API Console project I'm provided have all
  available APIs enabled?
Yes, with the Premium Plan, we automatically
    provision all of our APIs for the same Google API Console project. You can
    access all the APIs in one project. APIs on the same platform (Web, Web
    Services, Android, or iOS) can share the same API key. Your API keys provide
    real-time usage reports and historical usage data for up to 30 days. If you
    need features such as Maps API Analytics, usage reports by channel, and
    historical report data beyond the 30 days, you can use your client ID
    instead of the API key for most of the APIs. (The client ID does not work
    with the Google Places API, Google Maps Geolocation API,
    Google Maps Roads API, Google Maps Android API, or
    Google Maps SDK for iOS.)
What are the differences between an API key and a client ID?
With your project ID, you can generate API keys in
  the Google API Console. Here are the
  primary differences between the use of API keys and your client ID:
API support: You can use an API key with any Maps API. Alternatively, you
    can use your client ID with any API, except  the Google Places API,
    Google Maps Geolocation API, Google Maps Roads API, Google Maps Android API, and
    Google Maps SDK for iOS.
Reporting: Your API keys provide
    real-time usage reports and historical usage data for up to 30 days. If you
    need features such as Maps API Analytics, usage reports by channel, and
    historical report data beyond the 30 days, use your client ID for APIs that support
    its use.
Error codes: If you use API keys, you receive error messages according
    to HTTP status code class (for example, 3xx and 4xx errors), which provide only general
    information. If you use your client ID, you receive more detailed API-specific error codes in
    the Google Cloud Support Portal reports, which can help
    with troubleshooting.
Security: Both API keys and the client ID are equally secure, as long as
    you follow these guidelines:
    
If you use an API key, make sure you keep your key secret. All requests to Maps APIs use
        HTTPS, so the risks of someone intercepting your traffic are limited. However, if someone
        were to obtain your key, they could make requests for Maps APIs using your key. To prevent
        this risk for client-side APIs, you can restrict the domains that can use your key.
        For server-side APIs, restrict your key so that requests are allowed only from
        your servers' source IP addresses. For more information about using API keys securely,
        see the Console Help Center.
      
If you use your client ID, make sure you keep your cryptographic key (which you use to
        generate digital signatures) secret. Also make sure you never use the crypto key in your
        API requests or use it to sign URLs using JavaScript, as these practices can expose your
        key.
Do I need to use my Google Maps APIs Premium Plan credentials
    in my testing environment?
All Google Maps APIs require authentication, with an API key or client ID. When developing
  your application in your test environment, consider the following:
If you need access to technical support for your test environment, you must use a
      credential from your Premium Plan (client ID or API key). Note
      that use of the Maps APIs will consume your plan's Maps APIs Credits based on the
      usage rates and limits.
    If you do not want your testing environment to consume your plan's Maps APIs Credits,
      you may use standard credentials (an API key, set up in the
      Google API Console)—however,
      in this case, your test environment will not be eligible for technical support.
      If you choose to use standard credentials, your app or website will be subject to the
      standard usage limits for each API. For more information on standard usage limits, see
      Pricing and Plans.
If you expect to generate some significant volume in your test environment and also want
      to be able to access technical support for your test environment, but do not want to consume
      your Premium Plan's Maps APIs Credits, consider a license for
      development purposes only. This is typically a lower-cost option, and offers technical
      support. Contact your Google Maps Account Manager for
      more information.
If you are load testing your app, you can run those tests against a mock API.
      See Perform load testing on your
      app in the Prelaunch Checklist.
    
How do I access premium mobile features with the
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
You can access premium mobile features using the same SDKs available to
    users of the standard API: the
    Google Maps SDK for iOS and the
    Google Maps Android API.
    To access premium features, make sure you use the API key from the project
    created for you during signup. To verify that you have access to premium
    mobile features, load a map using the static library. For more information,
    see the guides to getting started with the
    Premium Plan
    on Android and
    on iOS.
Is the dynamic library available for Android with the
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan?
Yes, with the Premium Plan, you can also use the
    dynamic library for the Google Maps Android API instead of the static
    library. For more information, see the guide to getting started with the
    Premium Plan
    on Android.
  How do I access the Google Maps JavaScript API using a
  Google Maps APIs Premium Plan client ID, from a page that's loaded over
  HTTPS (SSL)?
To access the Google Maps JavaScript API from a page that's loaded
    over HTTPS, you must first
    authorize
    the HTTPS URLs on which you wish to use the API.
  
  How do I load the Google Maps JavaScript API over HTTPS (SSL) when using
  the Common Loader base_domain parameter?
It is not possible to load the Maps JavaScript API over SSL using the
    common loader with the base_domain parameter set.
The base_domain parameter does not affect your application's
    performance — API requests are always handled by the optimal Maps
    server for a particular user's location regardless of the domain from which
    the API is loaded.
base_domain does bias geocoding results towards the specified
    region; to achieve the same effect without base_domain,
    set
      the geocoding service's region parameter.
KML
How do I render KML files that are hosted on intranet
  sites on a map?
The 
KmlLayer class that generates KML overlays in the
    Google Maps JavaScript API uses a Google hosted service to retrieve and
    parse KML files for rendering. Consequently it is not possible to display
    KML files that are not hosted at a URL that is available publicly
    accessible, or that require authentication to access.
If you need to develop applications that use KML files hosted on intranet
    sites we recommend that you render the KML on the client side by using
    third-party JavaScript libraries. As the KML file is analyzed by the
    browser, performance may be lower than by using the
    KmlLayer class.
URL signing
Can I sign URLs using JavaScript?
We strongly recommend against signing URLs using JavaScript as this would
    expose your cryptographic key to end users. Therefore signatures should
    only be generated by server side components.
Why am I receiving a HTTP 403 Forbidden response to my
  Maps API web service requests?
An HTTP 403 response indicates a permission issue, likely because the
    signature could not be verified for this request. This could be because:
  
A signature has been specified but is incorrect for this request.
The request specifies a Google Maps APIs Premium Plan client ID but
      does not specify a signature, and the web service being called requires
      that all requests made using a client ID include a valid signature.
A signature has been specified but the associated
      Google Maps APIs Premium Plan client ID has not been specified.
Styling
Why aren't businesses showing up on my map?
When loading a map using the Google Maps JavaScript API and
    including your Premium Plan credentials
    (either a key or client parameter), business listings
    on the map are turned off by default. To turn them back on, you'll need to include
    some styling code with your map:
var styles = [
  {
    featureType: 'poi.business',
    stylers: [
      { visibility: 'on' }
    ]
  }
];
map.setOptions({styles: styles});
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
      
      Last updated February 22, 2018.
    
          
          
            Stack Overflow
          
        Ask a question under the google-maps tag.
          
          
            GitHub
          
        Fork our samples and try them yourself.
          
          
            Blog
          
        Read about the latest updates, customer stories, and tips.
          
          
            Issue tracker
          
        Something wrong? Send us a bug report!Learn More
                Tutorials
            
                Pricing and Plans
            
                API Picker
            
                Maps APIs Overview
            Platforms
                Android
            
                iOS
            
                Web
            
                Web Services
            Product Info
                Contact sales
            
                Community support
            
                Paid support
            
                Terms of Use
            
                Android
            
                Chrome
            
                Firebase
            
                Google Cloud Platform
            
                All Products
            
            Bahasa Indonesia
          
            Deutsch
          
            English
          
            español
          
            français
          
            Português Brasileiro
          
            Русский
          
            日本語
          
            简体中文
          
            繁體中文
          
            한국어
          Terms
         Privacy
         
        Sign up for the Google Developers newsletter
      
        
        Subscribe
      
